Table of Contents Color Inserts Copyrights and Credits Title Page Table of Contents Page Prologue Chapter 1: Is This Another World? Chapter 2: The Creeped-Out Maid Chapter 3: A Textbook of Magic Chapter 4: Master Chapter 5: Swords and Sorcery Chapter 6: Reasons for Respect Chapter 7: Friends Chapter 8: Obliviousness Chapter 9: Emergency Family Meeting Chapter 10: Stunted Growth Chapter 11: Parted Extra Chapter: The Mother of the Greyrat Family Character Design Concept Gallery Newsletter Prologue I was a thirty-four-year-old man with no job and nowhere to live. I was a nice guy, but I was on the heavy side, didn’t have good looks going for me, and was in the midst of regretting my entire life. I’d only been homeless for about three hours. Before that, I’d been the classic, stereotypical, long-time shut-in who wasn’t doing anything with his life. And then, all of a sudden, my parents died. Being the shut-in that I was, I obviously didn’t attend the funeral, or the family gathering thereafter. It was quite the scene when they kicked me out of the house afterward. My brash behavior around the house hadn’t won anyone over. I was the sort of guy who’d bang on the walls and floors to get people’s attention without leaving my room. On the day of the funeral, I was halfway through jerking off, my body arched in the air, when my brothers and sisters barged into my room in their mourning garb and delivered their letter formally disowning me. When I ignored it, my younger brother smashed my computer —which I valued more than myself—with a wooden bat. Meanwhile, my older brother, the one with a black belt in karate, stormed over in a blind rage and beat the crap out of me. I just let it happen, sobbing uselessly all the while, hoping that would be the end of it. But my siblings forced me out of the house with nothing but the clothes on my back. I had no choice but to wander around town, nursing the throbbing pain in my side. It felt like I had a broken rib. The biting words they hurled at me as I left our house would ring in my ears for the rest of my life. The things they said cut me to my very core. I was completely, totally heartbroken. What the hell had I even done wrong? All I did was skip out on our parents’ funeral so I could spank it to uncensored loli porn. So, what in the world was I supposed to do now? I knew the answer: look for a part- or full-time job, find myself a place 1Goldenagato | mp4directs.com to live, and buy some food. The question was how? I had no idea how to even begin looking for a job. Well, okay, I knew the basics. The first place I should check out was an employment agency—except I seriously had been a complete shut-in for over ten years, so I had no idea where any of those were. Also, I remembered hearing that those agencies only handled the introductions to job opportunities. You’d then have to take your résumé to the place with the job on offer and sit for an interview. And here I was, wearing a sweatshirt caked in a mixture of sweat, grime, and my own blood. I was in no state for an interview. No one was going to hire some weirdo who showed up looking like I did. Oh, I’d make an impression, for sure, but I’d never land the job. Moreover, I didn’t know where they even sold résumé paper. At a stationery shop? The convenience store? There were convenience stores within walking distance, but I didn’t have any money. But what if I could take care of all that? With some luck, I could borrow some money from a loan company or something, buy myself some new clothes, and then purchase some résumé paper and something to write with. Then I remembered: You can’t fill out a résumé if you don’t have an address or anywhere to live. I was hosed. I finally realized that, despite having come this far, my life was completely ruined. It started to rain. “Ugh,” I grumbled. Summer was over, bringing with it the autumn chill. My worn-out, years-old sweatshirt soaked up the cold rain, mercilessly robbing my body of precious heat. “If only I could go back and do it all over again,” I muttered, the words slipping unbidden from my mouth. 2Goldenagato | mp4directs.com 3Goldenagato | mp4directs.com I hadn’t always been a garbage excuse for a human being. I was born to a well-off family, the fourth of five children, with two older brothers, an older sister, and a younger brother. Back in elementary school, everyone always praised me for being smart for my age. I didn’t have a knack for academics, but I was good at video games and had an athletic bent. I got along with folks. I was the heart of my class. In junior high, I joined the computer club, pored over magazines, and saved up my allowance to build my very own PC. My family, who didn’t know the first thing about computers, barely gave it a second thought. It wasn’t until high school—well, the last year of junior high, I suppose —that my life got all messed up. I spent so much time fixated on my computer that I neglected my studies. In hindsight, that was probably what led to everything else. I didn’t think I needed to study in order to have a future. I thought it was pointless. As a result, I wound up going to what was widely considered the worst high school in the prefecture, where the lowest of the delinquents went. But even then, I figured I’d be fine. I could do anything I set my mind to, after all. I wasn’t in the same league as the rest of these idiots. Or so I thought. There was an incident from back then that I still remembered. I was in line to buy lunch from the school store when someone cut in front of me. Being the morally upstanding young man I was, I gave him a piece of my mind, getting all up in his face, striking an awkward, humorless, and self- conscious pose. But as my luck would have it, this guy wasn’t just an upperclassman, but one of the real nasty ones, vying to be the school’s top dog. He and his buddies pounded my face swollen and puffy, then hung me from the school gate, buck naked, practically crucified for all to see. They took a ton of pictures, which they circulated throughout the school like it was some simple prank. My social standing among my classmates plummeted to rock bottom overnight, leaving me with the nickname Pencil Dick. 4Goldenagato | mp4directs.com I stopped going to school for over a month, holing up in my room instead. My father and older brothers saw the state I was in and told me to keep my chin up and not to give up and other patronizing things like that. I ignored it all. It wasn’t my fault. Who could bring themselves to go to school under circumstances like mine? Nobody, that’s who. So, no matter what anyone said, I remained steadfastly holed up. All of the other kids in my class had seen those pictures and were laughing at me. I was sure of it. I didn’t leave the house, but with my computer and my internet connection, I was still able to kill plenty of time. I developed an interest in all sorts of things thanks to the internet, and I did all sorts of things as well. I constructed plastic model kits, tried my hand at painting figurines, and started my own blog. My mother would give me as much money as I could cajole out of her, almost like she was supporting me in all this. Despite that, I gave up on all of these hobbies within a year. Anytime I saw someone who was better at something than me, I’d lose all motivation. To an outsider, it probably looked like I was just playing around and having fun. In reality, I was locked inside my shell with nothing else to do during my time alone. No. In retrospect, that was just another excuse. I probably would have been better off deciding I wanted to be a manga artist and posting a silly little web comic online, or deciding I wanted to be a light novel author and serializing stories, or something like that. There were plenty of people in circumstances like mine who did that sort of thing. Those were the people I made fun of. “This stuff is crap,” I’d snort derisively upon viewing their creations, acting like it was my place to be a critic when I hadn’t done anything myself. I wanted to go back to school—ideally to grade school, or maybe junior high. Hell, even going back a year or two would be fine. If I had a little more time, I’d be able to do something. I might have half-assed everything I’d ever done, but I could pick up where I’d left off. If I really applied myself, I could be a pro at something, even if I didn’t wind up the best at it. I sighed. Why hadn’t I ever bothered to achieve anything before now? I’d had time. Even if that time was all spent shut in my room in front of 5Goldenagato | mp4directs.com the computer, there was plenty I could have done. Again, even if I wasn’t the best, I would have accomplished something by being halfway decent and applying myself. Like manga or writing. Maybe video games or programming. Whichever the case, with the proper effort, I could have gotten results, and from there, I could have made money and— No. It didn’t matter now. I hadn’t made the effort. Even if I could go back to the past, I’d only trip up again, stopped in my tracks by some similar obstacle. I hadn’t made it through things that normal people managed to breeze through without thinking, and that’s why I was where I was now. Suddenly, amidst the downpour, I heard people arguing. “Hm?” I muttered. Was someone having a fight? That wasn’t good. I didn’t want to get involved with that sort of thing. Even as I was thinking that, however, my feet kept carrying me in that direction. “Look, you’re the one who—” “No, you’re the one who—” What I saw when I rounded the corner were three high schoolers in the midst of what was clearly a lovers’ quarrel. There were two boys and a girl, dressed in the now-vanishingly rare tsume-eri jackets and a sailor suit, respectively. The scene was almost like a battlefield, with one of the boys, an especially tall fellow, in a verbal spat with the girl. The other boy had interposed himself between the two in an attempt to placate them, but his pleas were completely ignored. Yeah, I’d been in situations like that myself. This sight brought back older memories. Back in junior high, I had one childhood friend who was real cute. And when I say cute, I mean like fourth- or fifth-cutest in the class. She wore her hair very short, since she was on the track team. Of every ten people she passed by on the street, at least two or three would turn to look back at her. Also, there was this one anime I was super into at the time, so I thought the track team and short hair thing was cute. Even her less-attractive attributes were fine by me. She lived nearby, so we were in the same class for a lot of grade school 6Goldenagato | mp4directs.com and junior high. All the way up to junior high, we often walked home together. We had plenty of chances to talk, but wound up arguing a lot. I did some regrettable things. To this day, I can get off three times in a row to the prompts “junior high,” “childhood friend,” and “track team.” Come to think of it, I heard rumors she’d gotten married about seven years ago. And by “rumors,” I mean overhearing my siblings talking in the living room. We certainly didn’t have a bad relationship. We’d known each other since we were little, so we were able to talk to each other pretty openly. I don’t think she ever had a thing for me, but if I’d studied harder and gotten into the same high school she did, or if I’d joined the track team and gotten admission that way, it might have sent the right signals. Then, if I’d told her how I felt, maybe we might have wound up dating. Anyway, we’d get into fights on the way home, just like these three kids here. Or, if things went well, we’d hook up and do naughty things in some abandoned classroom after school. (Shit, this sounds like the plot of some adult game I must’ve played.) And then, I noticed something: There was a truck speeding right toward the group of three students. The driver was slumped over, asleep at the wheel. The kids hadn’t noticed yet. “Ah, h-hey, look...look out!” I shouted—or tried to, anyway. I’d barely spoken aloud in over a decade, and my already-weak vocal cords had further tightened due to the pain in my ribs and the chill of the rain. All I could muster was a pathetic, wavering squeak that was lost in the din of the downpour. I knew I had to help them; at the same time, I didn’t know how. I knew that if I didn’t save them, five minutes later I’d wind up regretting it. Like, I was pretty sure seeing three teenagers splattered into paste by a truck moving at terrific speeds was something I’d regret. Better to save them. I had to do something. In all likelihood, I’d end up dead on the side of the road, but I figured that, if nothing else, having a bit of solace wouldn’t be so bad. I didn’t want 7Goldenagato | mp4directs.com to spend my final moments mired in regret. I staggered as I started to run. Ten-plus years of barely moving made my legs slow to respond. For the first time in my life, I wished I’d exercised more. My busted ribs sent a startling jolt of pain through me, threatening to bring me to a halt. For the first time in my life, I also wished I’d gotten more calcium. Even so, I ran. I was capable of running. The boy who’d been yelling noticed the truck approaching and drew the girl close to him. The other boy had looked away and hadn’t spotted the truck yet. I grabbed him by the collar and yanked him behind me with all my might, then pushed him out of the vehicle’s path. Good. Now that left the other two. At that very instant, I saw the truck right before me. I’d simply tried to pull the first boy to safety, but instead, I’d bodily switched places with him, putting me in harm’s way. But that was unavoidable, and had nothing to do with the fact that I weighed over a hundred kilos; running at full speed, I’d simply stumbled a bit too far. The instant before the truck made contact, a light blossomed behind me. Was I about to see my life flash before my eyes, like people said? It only lasted a moment, so I couldn’t tell. It was all so fast. Maybe that’s what happens when your life is hollow and half-lived. I was struck by a truck more than fifty times my weight and thrown against a concrete wall. “Hurgh!” The air was forced from my lungs, which were still spasming for oxygen in the wake of running flat out. I couldn’t speak, but I wasn’t dead. My ample fat must have saved me. Except the truck was still moving. It pinned me against the concrete, crushing me like a tomato, and then I was dead. 8Goldenagato | mp4directs.com Chapter 1: Is This Another World? When I opened my eyes, the first thing I saw was dazzling light. It grew to encompass my entire field of vision, and I squinted in discomfort. Once my vision adjusted, I became aware of the blonde young lady gazing at me. She was one gorgeous girl—wait, no. She was definitely a woman. Who is she? I thought. By her side was a young man of roughly the same age, his hair brown, his awkward smile directed at me. He looked strong, proud, and impressively muscled. Brown-haired and stubborn-looking? I ought to have reacted negatively the instant I saw this big oaf—but to my surprise, there was no feeling of ill will. His hair must have been dyed that color. It was a very fetching shade of brown. The woman looked at me with a warm smile and spoke. Her words were oddly indistinct and difficult to make out, however. Was she even speaking Japanese? The man said something in reply, his face losing some of its tension. I likewise had no idea what he said. A third unintelligible voice joined the conversation, but I couldn’t see who was speaking. I tried getting up to figure out where I was and to ask these people who they were. And let me tell you, I may have been a shut-in, but that didn’t mean I didn’t know how to talk to people. But somehow, all I could muster was this: “Ahh! Waah!” Nothing but garbled whining and moaning. And I couldn’t move my body. I mean, I could sort of move my fingertips and my arms, but I couldn’t sit up. The brown-haired man said something else, then suddenly leaned down 9Goldenagato | mp4directs.com and picked me up. This was absurd! I weighed over a hundred kilos. How could he lift me that easily? Maybe I’d lost some weight after being stuck in a coma for a few weeks? That was a pretty nasty accident I’d been in, after all. There was a good chance I hadn’t come out of it with all of my limbs. For the rest of the day, I dwelled on a single thought: My life is going to be a living hell. *** Let’s jump ahead a month. Apparently, I’d been reborn. The reality of my situation had finally set in: I was a baby. I was finally able to confirm that after being picked up and having my head cradled so I could see my own body. But why did I still have all of my memories of my prior life? Not that I was complaining, exactly, but who would imagine someone being reborn with all their memories— to say nothing of that wild delusion actually being true? The two people I first saw when I came to must have been my parents. If I had to guess, I’d say they were in their early twenties. Clearly younger than I’d been in my past life, at any rate. My thirty-four-year-old self would have written them off as kids. I was jealous that they’d gotten to make a baby at that age. Early on, I’d realized that I wasn’t in Japan; the language was different, and my parents didn’t sport Japanese facial features. They also wore what appeared to be some form of old-timey clothing. I didn’t see anything that resembled home appliances; a woman in a maid outfit came by and cleaned with a rag. The furniture, eating utensils, and the like were all crudely fashioned from wood. Wherever this was, it didn’t seem like it was a developed nation. We didn’t even have electric lighting, only candles and oil lamps. Perhaps my parents were so poor that they couldn’t afford to pay the electric 10Goldenagato | mp4directs.com bill. But how likely was that, really? Seeing as they had a maid, I figured that they must have money, but maybe the maid was my father’s sister, or my mother’s. That wouldn’t be too odd. She’d at least help out with the housekeeping, right? I had wished that I could go back and do everything over again, but being born to a family that was too poor to pay for utilities wasn’t exactly what I’d had in mind. *** Another half a year went by. After six months of listening to my parents conversing, I’d begun to pick up some of the language. My English grades had never been great, but I guess it’s true what they say about how sticking solely to your native tongue makes it harder to advance in your studies. Or maybe, given that I had a new body, my brain was better suited to learning this time? I felt like I had an unusual knack for remembering things, perhaps because I was still so young. Around this time, I started learning to crawl as well. Being able to move was a marvelous thing. I’d never been so grateful to have control of my own body. “As soon as you take your eyes off him, he slips off somewhere,” my mother said. “Hey, so long as he’s good and healthy,” my father replied, watching me as I crawled around. “I was worried back when he was born and he never cried.” “He doesn’t cry now, either, does he?” I wasn’t exactly the age to whine because I was hungry. The times I let the wailing out were when I tried, and invariably failed, to stop myself from soiling my pants. Even though I could only crawl, I learned a lot from being able to move around. The first thing I learned was that this was definitely the home 11Goldenagato | mp4directs.com of a rich family. The house was a wooden, two-story structure with over five separate rooms, and we had the one maid on staff. At first, I’d assumed she was my aunt or something, but given her deferential attitude toward my mother and father, I doubted she was family. Our house was located in the countryside. Outside the windows stretched a peaceful, pastoral landscape. There were few other houses, just two or three nestled amidst the wheat fields on any given side. We really were out in the sticks. I couldn’t see any telephone poles or streetlights. There might not even be a power station nearby. I’d heard that in some countries they ran power cables underground, but if that were the case here, it was strange that our house didn’t have electricity. This place was way too pastoral. It grated on me, since I was used to the comforts of modern civilization. Here I was, having been reborn, practically dying to get my hands on a computer. But all of that changed early one afternoon. As the things I could do were pretty limited, I decided I’d look at the scenery. I clambered onto a chair as I usually did in order to get a peek out through the window, and then my eyes went wide. My father was in our yard, swinging a sword around. What in the world was he doing? He was old enough to know better than that. Was this the kind of person my dad was? Some sort of fantasy dweeb? Uh-oh. In my daze of astonishment, I started slipping from the chair. My underdeveloped hands grabbed the chair, but couldn’t support my weight—not with how top-heavy my head made me—and I fell. I hit the floor with a thud and immediately heard a cry of alarm. I saw my mother drop the load of laundry she was carrying, her face going pale as she brought her hand to her mouth. “Rudy! Are you all right?!” She rushed to my side and picked me up. As she met my gaze, her expression slackened with relief, and she stroked my head. “Aw, you’re fine, see?” Easy there, lady, I thought. Careful with my head. I just whacked that 12Goldenagato | mp4directs.com thing. Given how panicked she’d looked, I must have had a pretty nasty fall. I mean, I did land right on my head. Maybe I was going to be permanently stupid. Not that that would be a change from the usual. My head was throbbing. I tried to reach for the chair, but couldn’t muster the energy. My mother didn’t seem so nervous now, though, so I probably wasn’t bleeding or anything. Just a bump or something, in all likelihood. She peered carefully at my head. The look on her face suggested that, injury or no, she was taking this pretty seriously. Finally, she rested her hand atop my head. “Just to be on the safe side...” she began. “Let this divine power be as satisfying nourishment, giving one who has lost their strength the strength to rise again—Healing!” What the heck? Was that this country’s version of kissing the boo-boo to make it all better? Or was she another fantasy nerd like my sword- swinging father? Was this a case of the Fighter marrying the Cleric? But as I thought that, my mother’s hand shone with a dim light, and the pain in my head was instantly gone. Bwuh? “There we go,” she said. “All better! You know, Mommy used to be a pretty famous adventurer.” Her voice rang with pride. My mind reeled in confusion, various terms whirling through my mind: sword, fighter, adventurer, healing, incantation, cleric... Seriously—what just happened? My father, having heard my mother’s earlier scream, poked his head through the window. “What’s the matter?” he asked. He was sweating, probably from swinging that sword of his around. “Honey, you have to be more attentive,” my mother chided. “Rudy managed to climb up onto the chair. He could have been seriously hurt.” My father seemed much more composed. “Hey, boys will be boys. Kid’s got a lot of energy.” This sort of back-and-forth was pretty common with my parents. But 13Goldenagato | mp4directs.com this time, my mother wasn’t simply backing down, probably because of how I’d hit my head. “Honey, he isn’t even a year old yet. Would it kill you to show some more concern?” “It’s like I said: falling and stumbling and getting bumps and bruises is how kids grow up to be tough. Besides, if he does get hurt, you can just heal him!” “I’m just worried that he might get hurt so badly that I can’t heal him.” “He’ll be fine,” my father assured her. My mother clutched me more tightly, her face going red. “You were worried early on about how he wouldn’t cry. If he’s this much of a little scamp, then he’ll be fine,” my father continued, and then he leaned in to give my mother a kiss. All right, you two. Get a room, will ya? After that, my parents took me into the other room to put me to bed, then headed upstairs to make me a baby brother or sister. I could tell because I could hear the creaking and moaning coming from the second floor. I guess there was life outside the internet. And also...magic? *** In the wake of all that, I paid extra-close attention to the conversations my parents had with one another and the help. In so doing, I noticed them using a lot of words I wasn’t familiar with. Most of these were the names of countries and regions and territories—all clearly proper nouns that I’d never heard before. I didn’t want to jump to conclusions, but by this point, that could only mean one thing: I wasn’t on Earth anymore; I was in a different world. A world of swords and sorcery. And it occurred to me: if I lived in this world, I could do all those things, too. After all, this was a place of high fantasy, one that didn’t obey the same rules of common sense as my past life. I could live as a typical person, 14Goldenagato | mp4directs.com doing the typical things for this world. Where I stumbled, I would get back up, dust myself off, and forge onward. My former self had died full of regret, died feeling frustrated at his powerlessness and how he’d never accomplished anything. But now I knew all of my missteps. With all the knowledge and experience from my past life, I could finally do it. I could finally live life right. 15Goldenagato | mp4directs.com Chapter 2: The Creeped-Out Maid Lilia used to be a royal handmaiden for the Asura Palace harem. In addition to her usual duties as a lady-in-waiting, the role also called for her to act as a guardswoman. She’d been expected to take up arms and come to her master’s defense should the need arise. She was devoted to her duties, and carried out her job as handmaiden without flaw or fail. When it came to her role as a fighter, however, her skill with a sword was merely adequate at best. As a result, Lilia found herself wholly outmatched when an assassin struck at the newborn princess, her opponent’s dagger catching her in the leg. The blade had been coated with poison, the sort meant to kill even a member of the royal family, a troublesome toxin that could not be cured by purifying magic. Thanks to the wound being promptly tended to by Healing magic, and a doctor’s attempts at neutralizing the poison, Lilia had managed to survive, but there were lingering aftereffects. They didn’t pose an impediment to her daily life, but she could no longer run at any real speed, her gait reduced to a clumsy stagger. Lilia’s life as a warrior had come to an end. The palace promptly discharged her from her position. Lilia understood why perfectly well. It only made sense to lose a job she was no longer able to perform. Although this left her unable to pay even her basic living expenses, given her position in the court, she considered herself lucky not to have been executed in secret. And so, Lilia left the capital. The mastermind behind the princess’s assassination attempt was still to be found. As someone familiar with the palace harem’s inner workings, Lilia was well aware that she was a likely target. Or perhaps—had the palace set her free to lure out whoever was behind this plot? When she’d been brought into the court, she’d been curious why they’d taken on a lowborn woman such as herself. Perhaps they wanted to hire a simple maid who could easily be disposed of. 16Goldenagato | mp4directs.com Whatever the case, for her own safety, Lilia needed to get as far away from the capital as she could. Regardless of whether the palace really was using her as bait, she no longer had any standing orders, no longer had anything holding her back. She no longer felt any sense of obligation to her old life. After taking a series of stagecoaches, Lilia arrived at the Fittoa Region, a vast agricultural area on the borders of the kingdom. Apart from the Citadel of Roa, the city where the local lord resided, the region was little more than a grand expanse of wheat fields. It was here that Lilia decided she’d look for work. With her leg impaired, a career as a fighter was now off the table. She could conceivably still teach swordsmanship, but she preferred to find work as an attendant— mainly because it paid much better. Here on the outskirts of the kingdom, there were plenty of people who could wield a blade and teach others how to do the same. There were far fewer people who were fully trained royal maids, capable of overseeing the running of an entire household. Even if the pay was lower than she hoped, money was still money. Being hired as a handmaiden by the lord of Fittoa, or even the high- ranking nobles who served him, was a dicey prospect. The people in those circles had a pipeline right back to the capital. If they found out she was a former handmaiden who’d attended the royal harem, she stood a good chance of being caught up in someone else’s political machinations. Lilia wanted no part of that. She’d already had one brush with death, and that was enough for her. No offense to the princess, but Lilia was going to do what she wanted, someplace far away from the war of succession. The issue was that less-wealthy families couldn’t afford to retain her services. Finding a place that was both safe and still paid decently proved rather difficult. *** After a month of wandering about Fittoa, Lilia finally came across a 17Goldenagato | mp4directs.com job posting that caught her eye. A low-ranking knight in Buena Village was looking for a housekeeper. The posting specified that they were looking for someone with experience in raising children, who could also act as midwife. Buena Village was a small hamlet on the far edge of the Fittoa Region. It was out in the middle of nowhere, even by middle-of-nowhere standards. The location was inconvenient, but otherwise, it was everything Lilia had been looking for. Her employer being a knight, even a low-ranking one, was another unexpected boon. It was the employer’s name, though, that really got her attention. It was one that Lilia recognized: Paul Greyrat. Paul was another student of Lilia’s former master. One day, back when she had been studying swordplay, the lazy, no-good son of a noble family had turned up at the training hall. Evidently, he’d been disowned by his father in the wake of a fight and would now be studying the sword while sleeping at the hall. Paul had also studied swordplay at home, so despite having practiced a different style, it wasn’t long before his abilities surpassed Lilia’s. She was less than amused by that, but chalked it up to her own lack Paul, on the other hand, positively radiated talent. One day, however, he abruptly left the training hall after causing some kind of big stir for reasons unknown to Lilia. He left with one final declaration: “I’m going to become an adventurer.” The man was like a hurricane. *** It had been seven years since Lilia had last seen Paul. And not only had he become a knight since then, but now he was also married? Lilia could scarcely believe it. She didn’t know what ups and downs he had been through, but if he was still the man she remembered, then he wasn’t a bad fellow at all. If he knew she was in trouble, he’d probably help her out. And if he didn’t...well, she’d just have to dredge up some stuff from the past. She had several stories up her sleeve to use as bargaining chips if 18Goldenagato | mp4directs.com she needed to. Having done that bit of mercenary calculus in her mind, Lilia headed for Buena Village. Paul welcomed Lilia with open arms. His wife, Zenith, was due soon, and the couple was quite frazzled. Lilia had the essential technical know-how from seeing to the birth and rearing of the princess; plus, she was a familiar face that one of them could vouch for. The family was happy to have her aboard. Also, the pay was better than Lilia had been hoping for. To her, it was like a dream come true. *** And then the child was born. The birth itself was problem-free, with everything proceeding as it should according to Lilia’s training. Even at the junctures where one could typically expect complications, everything went smoothly. But once he was born, the child did not cry. Lilia broke into a cold sweat. The infant’s face was expressionless, his nose and mouth having expelled amniotic fluid, and he made no sound. For a moment, he looked like he might have been stillborn. But when Lilia reached out, she could feel the baby’s warm pulse and the movements of his breathing. Still, he did not cry. Lilia remembered something she’d heard from one of the handmaidens who’d taught her: Children who didn’t cry at birth tended to have a host of abnormalities. At that very instant, however, her thoughts were interrupted. “Ahh! Waah!” The baby turned his face toward Lilia, his expression slack, burbling random sounds. Relief washed over Lilia. She didn’t quite know why, but it seemed like things were going to be okay. *** 19Goldenagato | mp4directs.com The child was given the name Rudeus, and what an unsettling child he was. He never cried, and never made a fuss. It might just have been that he was physically frail, but that notion was soon proven false. Once Rudeus learned to crawl, he began to make his way anywhere and everywhere around the house—the kitchen, the back door, the supply shed, the cleaning closet, the fireplace, and so on. Sometimes, somehow, he even made his way to the second floor. As soon as anyone took their eyes off him, he was gone. Regardless, he would inevitably be found within the house. For some reason, Rudeus never ventured outside. He’d look out the windows, but perhaps he was still too scared to leave the house. Lilia wasn’t sure when she developed an instinctual fear of the child. Was it around then, with him slipping away whenever unobserved, always needing to be tracked down? Rudeus was always smiling. Whether he was in the kitchen staring at vegetables, or at the flickering of a candle in its holder, or at unwashed undergarments, he was always burbling under his breath, chuckling as an unsettling grin rose to his face. It was the kind of grin that viscerally repulsed Lilia. It reminded her of the smiles she’d gotten from a particular cabinet minister as she made her way between the harem and the royal palace in the past. He was a bald man, his smooth head gleaming in the sunlight and his corpulent belly wobbling as he walked. Rudeus’s smile resembled the grin on the minister’s face when he eyed Lilia’s chest. A smile like that, coming from a mere baby. What happened when Lilia picked Rudeus up was particularly worrisome. His nostrils flared, the corners of his mouth drew up, and he’d start panting and bury his face against her bosom. His throat would twitch as he made weird, gleeful little giggles. It was enough to send a chill down Lilia’s spine, almost to the point where she wanted to reflexively hurl the boy to the floor. The child showed absolutely no affection. That smile of his was, quite simply, creepy...the same smile as that cabinet minister, who was rumored to have purchased a number of young women as slaves. And this was an infant, smiling like that. Nothing could be more unsettling. Lilia felt she was bodily at risk from a baby. 20Goldenagato | mp4directs.com She could only wonder why this child was so strange. Was he possessed by something malevolent? Had some curse been laid upon him? When she considered those possibilities, Lilia knew she couldn’t stand idly by. She rushed to the store, spending a small sum on what she needed. Then, when the Greyrats were asleep, and without asking Paul for his permission, she performed a traditional charm of banishment from her homeland. When Lilia picked Rudeus up the next day, she was certain: It hadn’t worked. The baby still had the same unsettling aura. Just the look on his face was enough to give her the creeps. Zenith herself had often said things like, “When that boy’s feeding, he really goes at it, doesn’t he?” She was completely unperturbed by the whole thing! Even Paul, a man of weak principles who was something of a womanizer, didn’t give off vibes like his son did. The boy didn’t even line up with his own parentage. Lilia had once heard a story in the palace harem. Back when the Asuran prince was still a baby, he’d crawl all around the harem grounds, night after night. It turned out he was possessed by a demon. Not knowing this, one of the attendants picked him up, and he pulled out a knife he’d hidden being his back and killed her by stabbing her in the heart. It was a frightful story. And Rudeus was just like that. Lilia had no doubts: This was another case of demonic possession. Oh, the boy was calm and placid now, but once the demon within him awoke, he’d make his way through the house while the family was asleep and kill them all one by one. Lilia had been far, far too hasty. She never should have taken this job. At some point, she knew, she was going to be attacked. She was, after all, the type to take superstitions quite seriously. *** And so, Lilia lived in fear for the first year or so. 21Goldenagato | mp4directs.com At some point, however, Rudeus’s ever-unpredictable behavior changed. Instead of disappearing and reappearing at random, he stayed holed up in Paul’s study in one corner of the second floor. Well, perhaps ‘study’ was a generous word for a simple room that housed a few books. Rudeus would shut himself in there and not come out. One day, Lilia took a quick peek and there he was, staring fixedly at a book and muttering to himself. What he was saying didn’t sound like words. Not words from the common language on the Central Continent, at least. Besides, he was too young to be talking already, and certainly nobody had taught him to read. Which meant the boy was just looking at the books— not reading them—while making random sounds. For it to be anything else would just be weird. Even so, Rudeus sounded like he was speaking with an actual, meaningful cadence for some reason, and it looked like he understood the content of the book he was looking at. That’s so strange, Lilia thought as she watched secretively through the crack in the door. And yet, she strangely felt none of her usual revulsion toward him. Ever since the boy had taken to hiding away in the study, his hard-to-define, unsettling oddness had abated a fair bit. Oh, he’d still occasionally laugh or smile creepily, sure, but Lilia didn’t get chills whenever she held him anymore. He had stopped burying his face in her chest and panting. Why had she been so unsettled by him, anyway? In recent days, she’d gotten a sense of earnestness and diligence from him that she was loath to interfere with. Lilia spoke with Zenith about it, and she’d apparently gotten the same impression. From that point on, Lilia figured, it was best to leave the boy be. It was an odd feeling. Leaving an infant alone wasn’t something responsible adults did. But now, intelligence glimmered in Rudeus’s eyes, in contrast to mere months ago when there had only been a crude dullness. And there was the gleam of a resolute will to go with that intellectual brightness. What should they do? Nothing in Lilia’s meager experience had given her the tools to make the right decision here. There’s no one right way to raise a child, she’d been told. Had that been from one of the older royal handmaidens? Or perhaps her mother? At least there was nothing too off or 22Goldenagato | mp4directs.com unsettling about the boy now, nothing to fear. In the end, Lilia decided to leave well enough alone. Any interference might cause the boy to revert to the way he’d been before. 23Goldenagato | mp4directs.com Chapter 3: A Textbook of Magic It had been roughly two years since I’d been reincarnated. My legs had finally developed enough that I could walk. Also, I was finally able to speak this world’s language. *** Having decided to give my life an honest shot this time, I first needed to make a plan. What had I lacked in my previous life? Study, exercise, and technique, that’s what. As a baby, however, there wasn’t much I could do. Nothing much beyond burying my face in someone’s chest when I was picked up, anyway. Whenever I did that to the maid, she made no attempt to mask the displeasure on her face; clearly, she wasn’t a fan of children. Figuring that exercise was something that could wait, I began learning to read books around the house. The study of language is a crucial thing; almost one hundred percent of Japanese people are literate in their own language, but many of them neglect their study of English or hesitate to interact with people when abroad, so much so that the ability to speak a foreign language is a valued skill. With that in mind, I decided to make this world’s writing system my first subject. There were only five books in our house. I didn’t know if that was because books were expensive in this world or because Paul and Zenith weren’t big readers. Probably some combination of both. As someone who used to own a collection of several thousand books—even if they were all light novels—the situation was tough to come to grips with. Still, even five books were enough material to learn how to read. The language of this world was close to Japanese, so I was able to pick it up 24Goldenagato | mp4directs.com quickly enough. The written characters were completely different, but the grammar was close to what I was familiar with, which thankfully meant I mostly needed to learn vocabulary, a good chunk of which I’d already been exposed to. My father would read to me, which allowed me to readily pick up words. My new self being better at learning things probably had something to do with it, too. Once I could read, I found the contents of our books pretty interesting. I’d never had fun studying at any point in my life before, but after some thought, I realized it wasn’t that different from hunting down new information about online games. And that wasn’t so bad. Anyway, I wondered if my father knew that his infant son understood the things he was reading. I mean, I was cool with it, but I figured a normal kid my age would throw a temper tantrum or something, so that’s just what I did. These were the five books in our house: Wandering the World, a reference guide to the various countries of the world and their unique characteristics. The Ecology and Weaknesses of Fittoan Monsters, which detailed the various monstrous creatures of the Fittoa Region, where they lived, and how to deal with them. A Textbook of Magic, a wizard’s manual of attack spells, ranging from the Beginner to Advanced levels. The Legend of Perugius, a fairytale about a summoner named Perugius and his companions, who battle a demon and save the world in a classic good-versus-evil epic. The Three Swordsmen and the Labyrinth, a tale of action and adventure where three master swordsmen of different styles meet and head into the depths of the titular labyrinth. Those last two were essentially fantasy novels, but the other three made for good study. It was A Textbook of Magic that particularly drew my attention. As someone who came from a world without magic, the chance to read actual documentation on it was very relevant to my interests. Reading the book taught me some of the fundamentals. 25Goldenagato | mp4directs.com First, magic came in three types: Attack magic, to do battle against others; Healing magic, to treat the wounds of others; and Summoning magic, to call things forth. And that was it. There seemed to be lots of other things you could do with magic, but according to the textbook, magic was something birthed and developed in battle, and therefore not used much outside of combat or hunting. Second, you needed magical power in order to use magic—meaning, anyone could use magic so long as they had magical power. There were chiefly two ways of doing this: using one’s innate magical power or drawing on the magical power imbued in an object. Either would suffice. There weren’t specific examples, but I got the impression that people who did the former were like their own power generators, whereas the second type had to use batteries. In days of yore, the book said, people had largely used the power within their own bodies for magic. But as research on magic progressed, things got more and more complex. Accordingly, expendable sources of magical energy were developed at an explosive rate. People with strong magical reserves had been able to make do, but those who had little power couldn’t cast even basic spells, and so the old magical masters developed ways to draw power from things other than themselves and channel that into magic. Third, there were two ways of performing magic: incantation and magic circles. This didn’t need too much explanation: It simply referred to reciting words or inscribing mystic patterns to cast a spell, respectively. In the old days, magic circles were the chief source of magical power, but in modern times, incantations were far more commonplace. In older times, even the shortest magical incantations took one or two minutes—not exactly something you could use in the heat of battle. But once you’d inscribed a magic circle, you could use it over and over again. Incantations started becoming the norm when one magician succeeded at greatly shortening them. The simplest such incantations were reduced to around five seconds, and consequently became the only way people utilized Attack magic. For the more complex rituals involved in Summoning magic, where greater efficiency wasn’t attainable, magic circles remained the primary means. 26Goldenagato | mp4directs.com Four, the amount of magical power someone had was pretty much determined at birth. In your typical RPG, you gain more MP as you level up, but things didn’t work that way in this world. Almost everyone was stuck where they were. Almost everyone, which implied that some people changed over time. I wondered which group I’d fall into. The book also said that one’s level of magical power was inherited. I knew my mother was able to use Healing magic, so maybe it was all right to have some expectations for myself. Still, I was uneasy. Even if my parents excelled at this sort of thing, I wasn’t sure my own genes would be up to the task. *** For the time being, I decided to try my hand at the simplest magic I could. The textbook included both incantations and magic circle spells. Since the former was now mainstream, and I had nothing to draw a magic circle with, I opted to start by studying the incantations. As I understood it, as the scope of a spell got larger, the invocations involved got longer, until you eventually needed to use a magic circle in concert. But if I was starting out with simpler things, I ought to be fine. The most proficient of wizards, the book said, could cast spells without incanting anything at all—or drastically shorten the incanting time at the very least. I wasn’t sure why training allowed people to circumvent the incantation, though. After all, the amount of someone’s magical power didn’t change; there was no leveling up and no corresponding increase to maximum MP. Maybe with training, the amount of MP spent on the spell decreased? But spending less MP wouldn’t make the process less involved, would it? Well, anyway. Whatever the case, I just needed to give it a shot. With A Textbook of Magic in my left hand, I held out my right and began to recite the words. “Let the vast and blessed waters converge where thou wilt and issue forth a single pure stream thereof— Waterball!” 27Goldenagato | mp4directs.com I felt a sensation like blood pooling in my right hand, and then, as if that blood had extruded through my palm, a sphere of water about the size of my fist manifested itself. “Gah!” I yelped at the strange feeling, and a moment later, the ball of water fell and splattered onto the floor. It looked like concentration was required in order to maintain a spell. Concentrate... Concentrate... I could feel the blood welling in my hand once more. That’s it. There we go. Yeah, this feels right. Once again, I held out my right hand, forming an image in my head as I recalled how things had gone the last time. I wasn’t sure how much magical power I had, but I figured that I couldn’t just keep using it over and over. My plan was to practice one thing at a time until I could pull it off. I would form the image in my mind and play it out, over and over, and try to enact it upon reality. If I tripped up, I would call that image back to mind until I had it perfectly emblazoned within my head. This was the same way I’d practiced combos in fighting games, back in my previous life. Thanks to that, I almost never screwed up a combo during a real match. Hopefully that meant my training methodology would be sound here, too. I drew a deep breath. My blood coursed through my body, from my toes to the top of my head, collecting in my right hand, filling it with power. Then, I felt that power pop into being before my palm. Now, bit by bit, so very, very carefully, my thoughts fell in line with the beating of my heart. Waterball, ball of water, water, wetness, wet...wet panties... Whoops. That kinda just slipped in there. Getting back to it, then... I buckled down, and set my mind to it: water, water water waterwaterwater— “Hah!” I cried out in pure reflex as my hand shot out before me, fingers spread. In that instant, the ball of water came into being. “Whoa, what?” Splish. 28Goldenagato | mp4directs.com In my moment of shock, the ball of water plopped to the floor. 29Goldenagato | mp4directs.com 30Goldenagato | mp4directs.com “Wait.” I hadn’t shouted an invocation, had I? But then... why? All I’d done was put myself into the same mental space as the last time I’d tried the spell. Did incantation not matter much when reproducing the flow of magical power? Was using magic without chanting really that easy? That had to be a high-level skill, right? “If it’s that easy, what’s the point of the incantation at all?” I mused aloud. Here I was, a complete beginner, and I’d successfully pulled off a spell without any words at all. I’d simply focused the magical energy of my body in the front of my mind and then willed it to take shape. That’s all it was. Which implied that the incantation wasn’t really necessary after all. Anyone could do what I’d just done. Hmm. Perhaps the incantation was an activation trigger for the spell, where uttering the words would create the effect without having to focus on the energy coursing through your body. That had to be what it was. Sort of like the difference between manual and automatic transmissions in a car, where you could still take manual control if you really wanted to. “Using an incantation allows magical effects to trigger automatically.” This had some huge advantages. First, it made for easy teaching. Rather than needing a convoluted explanation about feeling the blood coursing through your veins converging and all that, casting a spell by chanting words was both easier to explain and easier to understand. And then, as one’s studies progressed, the idea of the incantation being an indispensable part of the process would naturally take root. The second advantage was that incantations were easy to use. Attack magic, by its very nature, was something that needed to be done in the heat of battle. It was a lot faster to rattle off a chant than it was to close your eyes and stand there humming as you tried to concentrate. Also, in the heat of the moment, it was far easier to blurt something out than it was to go through a series of minute gestures. “But maybe some people do find the first option easier...” I flipped through the book, but there was nothing about casting spells without incantation. That was odd. What I’d just done hadn’t been all that difficult. 31Goldenagato | mp4directs.com Maybe I had some kind of special talent, but I doubted it was something that others weren’t able to tap into at all, I reasoned. A magician typically used incantations from when they were a beginner to when they became a master. After casting thousands or even tens of thousands of spells, the body grew accustomed to the incanting; even if they did try to cast a spell wordlessly, they wouldn’t know how. Therefore, it wasn’t something that was ordinarily done, and hence the book said nothing of it. “Yeah, that does make sense!” After all, I was hardly ordinary myself. That was cool, right? Sorta like having a sneaky trick up my sleeves. “Did she just activate the Crime Catalyst without an Oratorio?” “But that catalyst is usually just supposed to open up the channel!” Oh, now I sure was interested! Okay, okay. No getting ahead of myself. I needed to calm down and keep my cool. My past self had gotten all caught up in this feeling, too, and we know how he turned out: someone who puffed himself up because he was better with computers than the average person, then got way too cocky and failed hard at life. I needed to keep a level head. Restrain myself. The important thing here was not to think of myself as being better than other people. I was just a beginner. A n00b. I was like a novice bowler who just happened to land a strike on my first toss through dumb luck. Beginner’s luck—that’s all it was. I needed to buckle down and focus on studying instead of mistaking this for some sort of innate knack. All right. I had it: I’d first attempt a spell by chanting the incantation, then practice single-mindedly by mimicking how it felt without using the incantation. “Okay, let’s try this again,” I said, holding my right hand out in front of me. My arm felt vaguely heavy, and my shoulder like I had something big weighing it down. This was exhaustion. Had I been concentrating too hard? No, that couldn’t be right. I was a (self-styled) low-end MMO master who could go without sleep for six days when grinding. No way had this paltry mental exertion drained me that much. “Am I out of MP, then?” What the heck? If someone’s magical power was determined at birth, did that mean I only had enough MP to cast two 32Goldenagato | mp4directs.com Waterball spells? That seemed way too low. Or maybe since this was my first time, I just had less magical power to work with? No, that didn’t make sense. I tried once more, just to make sure, and I wound up passing out. *** “Honestly, Rudy,” my mother said, “when you get tired, you need to go to the toilet first and then get to bed.” I woke to find I’d fallen asleep with the book in hand, and wet myself in the meantime. Dammit. I couldn’t believe I’d wet myself at my age. That was humiliating. Dammit. How could I— Wait. I was only two years old, right? Wetting myself was still forgivable at that age, yeah? So, it seemed my magical power had been too low after all. That deflated my mood some. Still, even if all I could muster was two Waterballs, what mattered was how I used them, I supposed. Maybe I should concentrate on conjuring them more quickly? Ugh. *** The next day, I still felt fine after conjuring my fourth Waterball. It was after the fifth that I started to feel tired. “What the hell?” Given my experience the day before, I knew that casting another would cause me to black out, so I decided to stop. And then it hit me: That put my limit at six Waterballs—twice what I’d managed yesterday. I stared into the bucket that held five spells’ worth of water and wondered why I’d been able to do twice as much as the day before. Had I been more tired because it was my first time? Had the spells consumed 33Goldenagato | mp4directs.com more MP because it was my first time casting them? I’d cast all my spells today without incantations, so I doubted it had anything to do with that. I had no idea. Perhaps my abilities would grow further the next day. *** The following day, my Waterball count increased significantly. Now I was up to eleven. What was the deal? It felt like the more I used the spell, the more I was able to use it. If I was right, I would be able to pull off twenty-one the next day. The day after that, just to be on the safe side, I only cast five before calling it a day. The day after that, though, I managed twenty-six. It looked like I was right—using the spell more frequently did allow me to cast it more. I’d been lied to! What was all that stuff about a person’s magical reserves being set at birth? People were just assigning limitations to talent when it didn’t have any. How dare adults tell children where their limits were?! “Guess I can’t take what this book says at face value, then,” I muttered. The stuff written in the book seemed to take the perspective that there were limits on what a person could achieve. Or maybe it was talking about how things worked after training one’s skills? Perhaps the book was saying that there was an upper limit on magical power that no further amount of effort and training could get you past. No. It was still too soon to come to that conclusion. For now, that would just be a hypothesis. Maybe it was like...maybe someone’s power increased as they grew, or something. And using magic during childhood might rapidly cause that upper limit to increase. Which meant I alone had a special quality that—no. I’d already said I wouldn’t consider myself special. In my former world, they said that exercising while you were growing let your abilities develop more rapidly; conversely, after you were done growing, improvement only went so far even with intense effort. We might 34Goldenagato | mp4directs.com be talking about magic in this world, but the realities of how the human body worked couldn’t be that different. The principle was still the same. Which meant there was only one thing for me to do: continue honing my skills as best I could while I was still growing up. *** The next day, I decided that I would continue to push my magic to its limits daily, which increased how much I could use it. As I could recreate the right feeling, casting a spell without an incantation was easy enough. I hoped to master the Beginner spells for each branch of magic before long. By “Beginner spells,” I meant the most basic spells that could be used for offense. This included spells like Waterball and Fireball, as well as other even more entry-level spells. Spells were broken up into seven levels of difficulty: Beginner, Intermediate, Advanced, Saint, King, Imperial, and Divine. Typically, magicians with training could use the Advanced spells from the discipline of magic they focused on, but could only use Beginner or Intermediate spells from the other schools. Once someone was able to cast spells of a rank higher than Advanced, they were acknowledged as a Fire Saint or Water Saint or whatever, depending on their chosen branch. Saint-tier magic. I kinda hoped to be that good someday. My magic textbook, however, only included fire, water, wind, and earth spells up to the Advanced level. Where was I ever going to learn Saint-tier magic, then? No—I shouldn’t dwell on that so much, I decided. In RPG M*ker, if you start out by making all your strongest monsters first, odds are it’s just going to be frustrating. You need to start with the low-level stuff, like slimes. Although I personally never managed to complete anything in that game, even when I did start with slimes. *** 35Goldenagato | mp4directs.com The Beginner-level water spells listed in the tome were as follows: Waterball: hurls a spherical projectile of water. Water Shield: causes a spout of water to erupt from the ground, forming a wall. Water Arrow: launches a bolt of water roughly twenty centimeters long at a target. Ice Smash: strikes an opponent with a mound of ice. Ice Blade: creates a sword made out of ice. These were all Beginner spells, but the amount of magical power they required was very different, taking somewhere roughly between twice and twenty times as much as the basic Waterball spell. For my fundamentals, I stuck to water magic; if I tried fire magic, I might accidentally burn the house down. Speaking of fire magic, the amount of magical energy you put into a spell affected the temperature of the results, so it stood to reason that Advanced ice spells worked the same way. But despite the fact that the book claimed both Waterball and Water Arrow were supposed to fly through the air, I wasn’t able to get them to do that for some reason. I wasn’t sure why. Was I getting some part of the spell wrong? I couldn’t really tell. A Textbook of Magic did say something about the size and speed of spells. Maybe, after conjuring my projectile, I needed to imbue it with additional magical energy in order to control its movement? I decided to give it a try. “Huh?” I murmured as my sphere of water grew larger. “Whoa!” And then: Splash! “Oh...” I’d dropped it on the floor again. After that, I experimented with making the Waterball bigger and smaller. I tried creating two Waterballs at once, then attempted to change their sizes separately. I discovered a few things, but still didn’t manage to make any of my spells fly. 36Goldenagato | mp4directs.com Fire and wind spells remained floating in the air, since they weren’t subject to gravity, but they fizzled out and disappeared after a while. I tried using the wind to move the hovering orbs of flame, but I got the impression something wasn’t right with that. Hmm... *** Two months later, thanks to a mistake in my studies, I managed to get a Waterball to fly. As a result, it finally became clear why incantations were a key part of the process. All incantations followed a similar process: spell genesis, size determination, speed determination, and then activation. The caster was the one who regulated those two intermediary steps before completing the spell. First, the caster called forth the shape of the spell they wished to use. Next, there was a window of time where they could add additional magical power to impact its size. Third, after the size had been determined, there was another window for the caster to adjust the spell’s velocity. Finally, the caster released the finished spell from their hand. That was how it worked...or at least how I understood it. The trick was to add magical power in two discrete stages after the initial casting. There was an order to it. Unless you did something to adjust the spell’s size, you couldn’t move on to adjusting its speed. It made sense that if you tried to change the spell’s speed first, you’d only make it bigger and nothing more. In that vein, when using a spell without incanting, the caster had to hold that entire process in their head. That sounded like an inconvenience, but it did shorten the time it took to infuse the spell with power to affect its shape and speed. This allowed for a spell to be cast a few seconds quicker. I was also able to tweak the process of creating the initial spell. For instance, this wasn’t listed in the book, but it was possible to freeze a Waterball and turn it into an Iceball—that sort of thing. If I kept up my studies, maybe I’d be able to pull off the Kaiser Phoenix (heh!), or something like that. 37Goldenagato | mp4directs.com Lots of things could work; it all just depended on what ideas came to mind. This was starting to get fun! Still, fundamentals were important. I needed to build up my magical potential before I started experimenting. I had two items on my training regimen now: increasing my magical reserves and making silent spellcasting second nature. Setting goals that were too grand upfront would only lead to disappointment. The trick was to start small. Okay, then. It was time to buckle down and do it. Every day from that point on, I practiced my Beginner-tier spells until I was on the verge of passing out from exhaustion. 38Goldenagato | mp4directs.com Chapter 4: Master I turned three years old. I’d recently, finally, learned my parents’ names. My father was Paul Greyrat. My mother was Zenith Greyrat. And my name was Rudeus Greyrat, the firstborn son of the Greyrat family. My parents didn’t refer to each other by their first names, and they called me “Rudy” for short, so it took some time to learn what all of our actual, formal names were. *** “My, Rudy really does love that book, doesn’t he?” Zenith said with a smile as I puttered about with A Textbook of Magic in hand, as I usually did. My parents didn’t seem bothered by the way I always lugged the book around. Even when I was eating, I’d keep it tucked under my arm. I did, however, make a point never to read it in front of them—not because I wanted to keep my talents a secret, but simply because I wasn’t sure what this world’s views on magic were. Back in my old world, for instance, witch hunts had been a thing—you know, where they’d burn suspected magicians alive for heresy. Of course, considering that my magic textbook was something of a practical guide, magic probably wasn’t considered heresy in this world, but that didn’t mean people might not still take a dim view of it. Maybe magic was something you only did when you were grown. If nothing else, magicians risked blacking out if they used it too much; people might think it could stunt a child’s growth. With all that in mind, I decided to keep my magical aptitude a secret from my family. As it was, I’d had to practice casting spells out the window, so there was a chance I’d be found out anyway. I didn’t have much choice in 39Goldenagato | mp4directs.com that, though. Not if I wanted to test how quickly I could launch my spells. Our maid (whose name was Lilia, apparently) would occasionally give me stern looks, but my parents remained as blasé as ever, so I was pretty sure I was safe. If people tried to stop me, I wouldn’t fight it, but I didn’t want to squander my childhood while I still had it. I needed to flex my talents now, before they set and became too rigid. Now was the time for me to make the most of things. *** Then, one afternoon, my secret magic training came to an end. My magical reserves had grown a decent amount, so I went through the incantation for an Intermediate-tier spell rather casually. The Water Cannon: Size 1, Speed 0. I figured that, as usual, the water would pool into my bucket. Maybe it would flow over, but surely not by too much. So, I cast the spell...and launched forth an impressive amount of water that blasted a massive hole in the wall. I stood there, dumbstruck, watching as water dripped from the wooden edges of that hole. I was too flummoxed to think of what to do. Given the size of the hole, people would know it had been made by magical means. There was nothing I could do to change that now. I always had been quick to give up. Paul was the first to rush into the room. “What happened?” he cried out. “Whoa!” His jaw dropped at the hole in the wall. “What the hell? Wait— Rudy! Are you okay?” Paul was a good guy. It was obvious that I was the one who’d done this, but all he cared about was that I was all right. He went on his guard, carefully checking the surroundings. “Was there a monster?” he muttered under his breath. “No, not around these parts...” “Oh, goodness,” said Zenith as she came into the room. She was always a lot calmer than my dad. She looked first at the shattered wall, then at the pool of water on the floor. “Huh?” Her gaze shot to my magic textbook 40Goldenagato | mp4directs.com and fixed on the page it was opened to. My mother looked back and forth between me and the book, then crouched in front of me. She looked me in the eye, her mouth curled into a warm smile. The smile didn’t reach her eyes, though. It was pretty scary. I wanted to look away, but I tried as hard as I could to keep my gaze locked with Zenith’s. If I’d learned anything from my time as a jobless freeloader, it was that getting petulant and defiant when you’d done something bad only made the situation worse. So I wasn’t going to take my eyes off hers, no matter what. Right now, I needed to show sincerity. And the simplest way to do that was to make eye contact—at least you would look sincere, regardless of how you felt. “Rudy, did you speak some of the words from that book out loud?” Zenith asked. “I’m sorry,” I replied with a tiny nod. A straightforward apology was best when you’d done something wrong. I was the only one who could have done this, so lying about it would only damage my parents’ trust in me. Back in my old life, I told casual lie after casual lie until no one trusted me. I wasn’t going to make that mistake again. “Sorry?” Paul asked. “That was an Intermediate-tier sp—” “Oh, honey, did you hear that?!” Zenith interrupted, practically squeaking. “Oh, I just knew our boy was a genius!” She balled her hands into tiny fists and hopped around in ecstasy. Well, she sure was in a good mood. I guess that meant the apology was accepted? Zenith was clearly thrilled by this development, but Paul still appeared at a loss. “Wait, hold on,” he said, looking at me. “We haven’t even taught you how to read yet, or—” “We’ll have to hire a tutor for him right away! Oh, he’s going to grow up to be an amazing magician, I just know it!” Zenith’s reaction to my ability to use magic was one of barely contained glee. Evidently, my fears that children shouldn’t use magic were unfounded. 41Goldenagato | mp4directs.com Meanwhile, Lilia had casually and wordlessly begun to clean up. Either she already knew I could use magic, or she’d had her suspicions. Since this ability didn’t appear to be so bad, it seemed she hadn’t cared that much. Or maybe she just wanted to see my parents happy. “Honey, let’s head into Roa tomorrow and post a job for a tutor!” Zenith said. “We need to make sure Rudy can hone his talents!” Zenith was over the moon, rambling on and on about how her son was a genius for suddenly demonstrating a knack for magic. I couldn’t tell whether she was just being a proud mother or if being able to use an Intermediate-level spell was considered that impressive. It had to be the former, right? She hadn’t seen me practicing any of my magic, so her saying that she “just knew” I was a genius meant she’d already decided that for herself, without any basis. No, that wasn’t exactly true. She clearly had some kind of intuition. I did talk to myself a lot. Even when I was reading, I’d mutter words or phrases that I liked aloud. Ever since I came to this world, I’d been subvocalizing things while reading; at first it was all in Japanese, but after picking up the local tongue, I subconsciously started using that instead. When Zenith heard me utter words, she would pipe up to explain what they meant. This was also how I learned a lot of this world’s proper nouns, but that’s not really relevant here. Nobody had said anything as I went about teaching myself this world’s language. Nobody taught me the words I was reading, either. From my parents’ perspective, they were seeing their child read when he hadn’t been taught, as well as speaking the contents of books aloud. Of course they’d think I was a genius. I mean, if it were my kid, that’s what I’d think. That’s how it went in my past life, after my younger brother was born. He was faster to grow up—faster in picking things up compared to me or my older brothers, including speaking and walking. My parents were the sort of easygoing folks who’d cheekily say, “Oh, I wonder if he’s a genius,” even when it was nothing that impressive. I had to keep in mind that, while I might have been a jobless high- school dropout, I also had the mental age of a person in his mid-thirties. I 42Goldenagato | mp4directs.com could do this! “Honey, we have to get him a home tutor!” Zenith said. “I’m sure we’ll be able to find a great magic instructor in Roa!” Apparently, parents were the same no matter where you were: Any time a kid shows some inkling of special talent, it’s straight to making sure they get the proper, special education for their gifts. In my old life, my parents heaped praise on my younger brother for being such a genius and gave him a whole bunch of stuff to learn. Paul was less enthusiastic about Zenith’s suggestion to find me a home tutor for magic. “Hold up, now. Didn’t you promise that if we had a boy, we’d raise him to be a knight?” So, a girl would be a magician, but a boy would be a knight? They must have agreed to that before I was born. “But he can already use Intermediate magic at his age!” Zenith rebutted. “With the right training, he’d be an amazing magician!” “A promise is a promise, though!” “Don’t you talk to me about promises! You break promises all the time!” “We’re not talking about me right now!” And so my parents got into a bit of a spat, while Lilia continued calmly going about her duties. The argument dragged on for a bit, until, as Lilia finished cleaning up, she said with a sigh, “What if he studies magic in the morning and practices swordplay in the afternoons?” That suggestion put the argument to rest, and my silly parents decided on their kid’s studies without bothering to take his feelings into account. Well, no big deal. I did promise to give it my all in this new life, after all. *** And so it was decided that a home tutor should be hired for me. I gathered that the position of personal instructor to a young noble was a well-paying one. Paul was one of the few knights in the area, which made 43Goldenagato | mp4directs.com him a fairly low-ranking noble himself, so I wondered whether he could offer competitive pay. We were out in the sticks on the far border of the kingdom, though, and out on the frontier, high-level talent (especially for something like a magician) was in short supply. If we put in a request to something like a Mages’ Guild or Adventurers’ Guild, would anyone even respond? My parents also seemed worried by that prospect, but they apparently found someone promptly, because my lessons were going to start the next day. And since there was no inn in our village, my teacher would be living with us. My parents were fairly certain that my teacher would be some retired adventurer. Young people wouldn’t come all this way to the boonies, and there was no shortage of jobs for royal magicians back in the capital. As I understood it, in this world, only Advanced-level magicians taught the arcane arts. So, whoever we got would at least be an Intermediate- or Advanced- level adventurer, possibly higher. In my mind’s eye, I pictured a middle-aged or elderly fellow with many years of diligent study under his belt, complete with the long beard that was requisite for such wizards. “I’m Roxy. It’s a pleasure to meet you.” My expectations were quite off the mark. The person who showed up was a young girl, maybe of junior-high age. She was clad in brown, wizardly robes, her blue hair styled into braids, her posture prim and proper. Her white skin looked untouched by the sun, and her eyes were somewhat sleepy. Her expression didn’t exactly radiate sociability, and despite her lack of glasses, she looked like the sort of girl who liked to hole up in a library with her nose in a book. In one hand, she carried a bag, and in the other, she held a staff befitting a magician. The family came to greet her together, my mother carrying me in her arms. 44Goldenagato | mp4directs.com 45Goldenagato | mp4directs.com “...” “...” My parents looked her over, at a total loss for words. No wonder, really. This couldn’t have been what they were expecting at all. When hiring someone to be a home tutor, you’d figure you’d get someone a bit further on in years. And instead, here was this little thing. With all video games I’d played, the idea of a magician loli wasn’t terribly unusual to me. Underage. Scornful eyes. Socially awkward. That right there was the trifecta. She was perfect. I wanted her to be my bride. “Oh, uh, are—are you the home tutor?” Zenith finally asked. “Aren’t you a little, uh...” Paul managed. My parents were fumbling with their words, so I decided to be direct and finish my father’s sentence. “You’re little.” “Hey, you’re sure one to talk,” Roxy snapped back. She sure seemed to be touchy about the subject. And I wasn’t even talking about her breasts. Roxy let out a sigh. “So, where’s this student of mine?” she asked, looking around. “Oh, that would be our boy right here,” Zenith replied, bouncing me slightly in her arms. I gave Roxy a cheeky wink. Her eyes went wide, and she sighed once more. “Ugh, this happens sometimes,” she muttered under her breath. “Kid shows signs of growing up a little fast and the damn parents get it into their heads that he’s got a special talent.” Hey! I heard that, Roxy! I mean, I totally agreed with her, but still. “You say something?” Paul asked. “Oh, nothing,” she replied. “I’m just not sure that your son would be 46Goldenagato | mp4directs.com able to understand the principles of magic.” “Oh, don’t you worry,” Zenith said, brimming with motherly pride. “Our little Rudy here is brilliant!” Yet again, Roxy sighed. “All right, then. I suppose I’ll just have to do what I can.” She sounded like she’d already decided it was futile. And so, that was the first day of taking classes with Roxy in the morning and practicing swordplay with Paul in the afternoon. *** “Okay, so this magic textbook here... Actually. Before we get to that, how about we see how much magic you can use, Rudy?” Roxy had taken me into the yard for our first lesson. I gathered that magic was something typically practiced outside. Heck, I’d already learned firsthand what could happen when you let loose with magic inside the house. People don’t want to go around blowing holes in walls or anything. “First, I’ll demonstrate. Let the vast and blessed waters converge where thou wilt and issue forth a single pure stream thereof—Waterball!” As Roxy chanted her incantation, an orb of water about the size of a basketball formed in her palm. Then, she hurtled it at high speed at one of the trees in our yard. The Waterball snapped the tree in half as if it were a mere twig and drenched the fence behind it. That must’ve been a Size 3, Speed 4, if I had to guess. “Well?” Roxy asked. “What do you think?” “My mom has always loved that tree and spends a lot of time caring for it, so I think she’s gonna be pretty angry.” “Huh? Really?!” “Without a doubt.” One time, when Paul was swinging his sword around, he’d accidentally lopped off one of the tree’s branches, but Zenith hadn’t been terribly mad about it. 47Goldenagato | mp4directs.com “Oh, that’s not good,” Roxy stammered, rushing over to the tree in a panic. “I have to do something about this.” With a grunt, she hefted the fallen trunk back into place. Then, red in the face and straining with exertion, she began to chant. “Nngh... Let this divine power be as satisfying nourishment, giving one who has lost their strength the strength to rise again—Healing!” Slowly and surely, the trunk of the tree worked its way back into its original position. Okay, credit where credit is due: That was pretty amazing. “Whew!” Roxy breathed. “You can use Healing magic, too, Miss?!” “Hm? Oh, yes. Anything up through Intermediate-tier spells.” “Oh, wow! That’s amazing!” “Oh, not at all! With the proper training, anyone could do this.” Roxy’s tone was somewhat curt, but the corners of her mouth softened, and her nose wiggled proudly. Yeah, she was happy, all right. All it took was laying on some praise. Man, she was easy to please. “All right, Rudy. You give it a try.” “Okay!” I held out my hand and— Crap. It had been nearly a year since I’d performed Waterball by using the incantation, and I couldn’t remember how it went. Roxy had just said it, though. Hmm. Let’s see... “Um, how does it go again?” “Let the vast and blessed waters converge where thou wilt and issue forth a single pure stream thereof,” Roxy said matter-of-factly. She apparently figured this was well within my capabilities. She’d said it so matter-of-factly, though, that I couldn’t remember it after hearing it just the once. “Let the vast and blessed waters...” I began, before failing to recall the rest, so I cut the incantation short. I conjured a ball of water just a little smaller and a just a little slower than Roxy had; after all, if I outdid her, she might get all pouty. Hey, I like to be nice to younger girls. 48Goldenagato | mp4directs.com The basketball-sized Waterball struck its mark with a splash, the tree creaking and cracking as it fell over. Roxy fixed her gaze on this sight, her expression stiffening. “You cut your incantation off, didn’t you?” she asked. “Yeah.” Uh-oh. Was I in trouble? That’s right: The magic textbook didn’t say anything about casting spells without incantations. I’d done it as if it wasn’t a big deal, but maybe this was some cultural taboo? Or maybe she was angry that I’d pulled off something that should have required a lot more training? Hopefully, she’d just admonish me for being sloppy with my chanting or something. “Do you usually cut your incantations short like that?” she asked. I wasn’t sure how to answer that, and after some wavering, decided to be honest. “I usually, uh...don’t use them at all.” After all, I was going to be studying under her, so she’d figure it out eventually. “Not at all?!” Roxy’s eyes were wide with shock and disbelief as she looked down at me. She quickly regained her composure, however. “Ah, yes, now I get it. That makes sense. Are you feeling tired right now, then?” “A little, but I’m all right.” “I see. Well, the size and force of your Waterball was just fine.” “Thank you.” Finally, Roxy cracked a smile—a real one. And then she muttered to herself. “Maybe it is worth training this kid.” Again, I can still hear you. “Okay, let’s move on to the next spell,” Roxy said excitedly, flipping through the magic book some more. “Aaaahh!” From behind us, a scream split the air. Zenith had come outside to see how things were doing. She dropped the beverage-laden tray she’d been carrying and brought both hands to her mouth as she looked over at the mangled, toppled tree. Sadness filled her face. A moment later, that sadness was replaced with livid anger. She stomped over to Roxy, getting right in her face. “Miss Roxy, honestly! Could you please not use my trees for 49Goldenagato | mp4directs.com experimentation?” “Hey! Rudy’s the one who did it!” “If Rudy did it, it was because you let him!” The whites of Roxy’s eyes grew, her body tensing as if a thunderclap had just gone off. Then she hung her head. Hey, that’s what you get for trying to shift the blame onto a three-year-old. “No, you’re absolutely right,” she murmured. “Please see to it that this doesn’t happen again, young lady!” “It won’t, ma’am. I’m so sorry.” Zenith went over to the tree and restored it to its former beauty with her Healing magic before heading back into the house. “Well, I sure messed this up pretty quickly,” Roxy mused. “Miss...” “Heh. I’m guessing I’ll be let go tomorrow.” She sat down on the ground, drawing little circles in the dirt. Wow. She really could not take even the slightest punishment, could she? I stood next to her and patted her on the shoulder, but said nothing. “Rudy?” I wasn’t sure what to do after patting her on the shoulder. I hadn’t really struck up a conversation with anyone in close to twenty years, so I couldn’t find the words to comfort her. I honestly didn’t know what the right thing to say in this sort of situation was. No. I just needed to calm down and think. What would the protagonist of an adult dating sim say to comfort someone at a time like this? Okay. I was pretty sure it would go something like this. “You didn’t fail here, Miss.” “Rudy...?” “You just earned some more experience, that’s all.” Roxy was taken aback. “Yes, you’re...you’re right. Thank you.” 50Goldenagato | mp4directs.com “Uh-huh. So, could you please continue with our lesson?” And so, right from day one, I formed a little bond with Roxy. *** Afternoons were spent practicing swordplay with Paul. We didn’t have a wooden practice sword suitable for a toddler of my stature, so our focus was on physical training: running, push-ups, sit-ups, that sort of thing. According to Paul, getting my body used to moving was the first priority. On the days he was too busy to train with me, he told me to keep up with my fundamentals. Guess dads are like that in every world. I just had to grin and bear it. A young child doesn’t have the stamina to spend an entire afternoon exercising, so we’d finish up around mid-afternoon. That being the case, I decided to spend my time between then and dinner working on spells. Adjusting the size of a spell increased the amount of magical power needed to fuel it. There was the default amount of power a spell took to cast if you put no conscious effort into it when the incantation finished, and making a spell larger than that consumed an accordingly greater amount of magical power. Sort of like the law of conservation of mass. Curiously, however, making a spell smaller also consumed more magical power. I wasn’t quite sure of the principle at work there, but creating a ball of water the size of a fist took less magical energy than creating one the size of a raindrop. It was weird. I asked Roxy about that, but she just said, “Yeah, that’s how it goes.” Apparently, that hadn’t been explained yet. I didn’t know the mechanisms by which magic worked, but through practice, getting a handle on the methods wasn’t so bad. My magical reserves had grown to the point that I wouldn’t burn through them unless I cast large spells. If my goal had been simply to use up my magical power, then I could’ve just keep unleashing the strongest spells I had until I was drained. After a while, though, I wanted to move on to actual applications of 51Goldenagato | mp4directs.com magic, so I decided to focus on practicing more precise spellcrafting. I wanted to make my effects smaller, narrower in scope, more complex: for instance, creating sculptures out of ice, making my fingertip glow with fire to write on planks of wood, taking dirt from the backyard and separating it into its constituent components, locking and unlocking doors, and so on. Reshaping something that was already hardy and solid was obviously more difficult. Working to reshape something as hard as metal, for instance, cost more magical power. Working your magic on something smaller, on something more intricate, or attempting to work with both speed and precision at once expended vastly more power as well. The concentration and effort it took felt like trying to throw a fastball and thread the eye of a needle at the same time. I also experimented with using spells from different magical branches at the same time. This took more than three times the magical expenditure than using two spells of the same branch did. In other words, trying to be quick and precise with two spells of differing schools simultaneously was a great way to blow through all your magical reserves at once. My training went on like this, day after day, until I reached a point where I couldn’t see the bottom of where my reserves tapped out even after spending more than half the day using magic. I got the sense that I’d built them up to sufficient levels. Especially for a slacker like I used to be, I thought. But I was quick to caution myself. The body goes soft when one slacks off from their physical training. For all I knew, magic could be the same, and now that I’d built up my reserves, I wanted to keep training to make sure they stayed that way. *** One night, while practicing some magic, I heard the lascivious sounds of a creaking bedframe and lurid moaning coming from somewhere. Well, not “somewhere,” really—it was coming from Paul and Zenith’s bedroom. And my, were the sounds vigorous. In the not-too-distant future, I might be welcoming a little brother or sister. 52Goldenagato | mp4directs.com Hopefully a sister. No more younger brothers for me. In my mind’s eye, I could still see my past life’s younger brother winding up for a full swing with his bat, smashing my beloved PC to bits. I didn’t need a younger brother. But a kid sister would be nice. “Oh, man...” In my old life, I’d just stay put and bang on either the wall or the floor to shut people up whenever I was disturbed by sounds like these. Thanks to that, my older sister stopped bringing guys home entirely. Man, that brought back memories. At the same time, I’d always thought people who did that sort of thing were blights on the world. It reminded me of the people who used to bully me, sneering down at me from a position out of my reach, filling me with an anger I had no outlet for. Even if the perpetrator was somehow brought low to my level, he’d still look at me and ask, “What, you’re still here?” It was the worst. But things weren’t like that anymore. Maybe because I was now a child, or because it was my parents going at it, or just because I was more focused on my future, hearing them doing their business actually brightened my mood. I could tell roughly what they were getting up to just from the sounds. It seemed that Paul was pretty good in bed, too. Even though Zenith was out of breath, I heard him say, “Oh, I’m just getting warmed up,” before he went back to thrusting. He sounded like the main character from a pretty rapey adult dating sim, boundless virility and all. Hmm. As Paul’s son, maybe I’d inherited some of that sexual prowess? And one day, I would awaken to my powers, find my heroine, and make my way into the pink. That sort of thing excited me at first, but it had recently grown stale, and I’d casually make my way down the hall to the toilet with the sounds of creaking resonating through the walls. Also, the creaking and moaning would stop as soon as I approached their room, which was pretty damn amusing. Tonight was the same. I headed for the toilet, wondering whether I 53Goldenagato | mp4directs.com should let them know that their son, now capable of walking, was there. Maybe this time I should try saying something. Maybe something like, “Mooom? Daaad? What are you doin’ naked?” It’d be fun hearing what excuses they came up with. Heheheh. With that in mind, I slipped out of my room as quietly as I could— except someone was had already beaten me to the punch. The blue-haired girl was hunched in the dark hallway, peeking into the bedroom through the gap in the door. Her cheeks were flushed bright red, and her breathing had sunk to a low, rough panting, her gaze locked on the inside of the room. One of her hands was inside her robes, moving about rather suggestively. I quietly crept back to my own room. Roxy was in the grip of adolescence, after all, and I had the decency to pretend that I hadn’t seen anything. Or, well, something like that. I definitely liked what I had seen, anyway. *** Four months later, I was able to cast Intermediate-tier spells. At that point, Roxy began to give me classroom-style lessons in the evenings. Uh, that probably makes it sound sexier than it was. This was about studying, first and foremost. She was a good teacher. She was fussy about sticking to a particular curriculum, but she’d also ramp up the content of our lessons based on how well I understood things. She was good at intuitively responding to her student. She had a book that acted as a supplement to Textbook, from which she’d ask me questions; if I got one right, we’d move on to the next one, and if I didn’t know something, she’d very politely explain it to me. It might not sound like much, but I could feel my world opening up. In my old life, our family hired a personal tutor when my older brother was taking his entrance exams. One time, on a whim, I listened in on one of their classes, but it didn’t seem like it was anything different from what was 54Goldenagato | mp4directs.com taught at school. By comparison, Roxy’s lessons were much easier to understand and a lot more fun. Her teaching style resonated with me, and got quick results. Of course, it didn’t hurt that my teacher was a junior-high-aged girl at the budding edge of sexual maturity. That was kind of an awesome situation. In my old life, I could have gotten off to that mental image in three pumps. *** “Miss Roxy, how come there are only spells for things to be used in combat?” I asked abruptly. “Oh, well, that’s not really the case, actually,” Roxy replied. “Let’s see. What’s the best way to explain it? Okay, first off, it’s said that magic was originally created by the High Elves.” Whoa, elves?! Aha! So they do exist! I could picture them, with their blond hair and greenish garb, bows strapped across their backs, tentacles keeping them all bound up. Ahem. Okay, gotta calm down there. Based on the ideographic characters used to write the word for “elf,” it seemed they had long ears. “Miss Roxy, what are elves?” I asked. “Allow me to explain. Elves are a race of people who currently live in the northern part of the Millis Continent.” According to Roxy, long before even the Great Human-Demon War, when the world was engulfed in the unceasing spiral of battle and chaos, the High Elves, in order to fight their enemies, entreated with the spirits of the forests to control the wind and the earth. And thus, the first magic spells were born. “Wow, so there’s an entire history to this and everything?” I asked. “Of course there is!” Roxy huffed, rebuking me with a nod. “Modern magic takes its form from humans mimicking the spells the elves used in battle and reworking them. Humans are good at that sort of thing, after all.” 55Goldenagato | mp4directs.com “We are?” “Why, yes. It’s nearly always humans who push for innovation. There are only combat spells because people have mostly only used magic in battle; for anything else, you can use something close at hand instead of relying on magic,” Roxy explained. “Something close at hand? What do you mean?” “Well, for instance, if you need a light source, you can just use a candle or a lantern, right?” Ah, I got it. So, we were in that kind of setting, where tools and devices were simpler to use than magic. That made enough sense. Granted, silent casting would be easier still. “Moreover,” Roxy continued, “not all magic is used for battle. For instance, Summoning magic lets you call forth powerful fiends or spirits.” “Summoning magic! Do you think you’d be able to teach me that soon?” “I’m afraid not. I can’t use it myself,” Roxy replied. “But to get back to my earlier point, magical implements also exist.” Magical implements? I was pretty sure I had an idea of what she meant, but that was still a little vague. “Could you explain those?” I asked. “Magical implements are devices that have special magical effects. They’ve got a magic circle inscribed somewhere within them, so even if someone isn’t a magician, they can still make use of them. Some of them utilize vast amounts of magical power, though.” Okay, so that was pretty much in line with what I’d been imagining. Still, it was too bad about Roxy not being able to use Summoning magic. I understood the principles of Attack magic and Healing magic well enough, but I didn’t know how Summoning magic actually worked. But hey, I’d been introduced to some new terms I hadn’t heard before: Great Human-Demon War, fiends, spirits. I understood them well enough on the surface, but I figured it wouldn’t hurt to ask more. “Miss Roxy, what’s the difference between a fiend and a monster?” “Fiends and monsters aren’t terribly different from one another.” 56Goldenagato | mp4directs.com She explained that monsters were the result of sudden mutations in normal animals. If they were lucky enough to grow in numbers, establish themselves as a new species, and develop intellect over the generations, they became fiends. But apparently, many creatures that possessed intelligence but still attacked humans were referred to as monsters. There were also cases of fiends growing more savage and brutal over the generations, reverting back into monsters. So, there wasn’t a wholly concrete delineation between the two. In general, though, monsters attacked humans and fiends did not. “So then, demons are just more evolved version of fiends?” I asked. “No, demons are completely different. The name ‘demon’ comes from a time long ago when the races of men and demons battled one another.” “Is that the Great Human-Demon War you mentioned earlier?” “That’s right,” Roxy said. “The first conflict happened around seven thousand years ago.” “Wow, that’s so long ago it’s almost dizzying to think about.” This world evidently had quite a long history. “Oh, it’s not all that long ago. Humans and demons were still at war with one another as recently as four hundred years ago. It started seven thousand years ago, and the two sides have been in conflict off and on ever since.” Four hundred years sounded pretty long ago as is, but seven thousand years of ongoing fighting? Humans and demons must really not get along. “Ah, okay, I get it,” I said. “So then, what are demons?” “Well, it’s a little hard to actually define,” Roxy said. The simplest way to put it, according to her, was that “demons” included whoever fought on the demons’ side in the most recent conflict. But this, too, had its exceptions. “I’m a demon myself, actually,” she said. “Oh. You—you are?” I had a demon for a home tutor. Which I supposed meant that there wasn’t any conflict going on right now. Giving peace a chance really was the 57Goldenagato | mp4directs.com way to go, huh? “That’s right,” Roxy said. “More formally put, I’m one of the Migurd, from the Biegoya Region of the Demon Continent. You must have noticed your parents’ surprise when they first saw me, right, Rudy?” “I figured that was because you’re little.” “I am not little,” Roxy huffed. That was clearly a sore spot with her. “They were surprised by the color of my hair.” “Your hair?” I thought it was a very pretty shade of blue, personally. “They say that, for the demonic races, the closer our hair is to green, the more savage we tend to be. Depending on the lighting, my hair can look pretty green, too.” Green, huh? Was that this world’s danger color, then? Roxy’s hair was a striking sky-blue color, and she twirled a finger in her bangs as she explained herself. Her mannerisms were adorable. Back in Japan, blue hair was the sort of thing I’d associate with punks or older women. When I saw people like that, I always thought it was unusual —but there was nothing unusual or off-putting about Roxy’s blue locks. If anything, I thought her slightly sleepy-looking eyes helped complete the picture. She looked like she could be the first character whose route I’d try to complete in an adult dating sim. “I think your hair is pretty,” I said. “Oh, thank you very much. But that’s the sort of thing you should say to a girl you like after you’ve grown up.” I didn’t miss my opening. “I like you, Miss!” I couldn’t help it; hitting on cute girls is what I do. “I see. Well, in another ten or fifteen years, if your feelings haven’t changed, please feel free to tell me that again.” She’d pretty cleanly rebuffed me, but I still caught the happy look that crossed her face. I wasn’t sure how much the ‘Nice Guy’ skills I’d honed by playing hentai games would help me in this world, but the answer clearly wasn’t “nowhere.” Jokes and lines that were old and played-out back in Japan might well be unique and passionate ways to win over someone’s heart here. 58Goldenagato | mp4directs.com Okay, yeah, I’m not sure what I was trying to get at, either. The point is that Roxy was cute and naughty and I wanted to push her buttons. The considerable age gap between us was definitely an issue, though. Maybe something to think about for the future. “To get back to the subject at hand,” Roxy said, “the idea that more brightly colored hair signifies danger is nothing but a superstition.” “Oh. It is?” Now I felt silly for having taken the whole “danger color” thing seriously. “Yes. During the war four hundred years ago, the Superd, a green- haired demonic race from the Babynos Region, went on a brutal rampage. That’s where the association comes from; the color of someone’s hair doesn’t actually have anything to do with that.” “A brutal rampage, you said?” “Indeed. After only a decade and change of war, they became feared by friend and foe alike, becoming as violent as they were despised. They were so dangerous that, after the war, persecution drove them almost completely from the Demon Continent.” Their own allies pushed them away after the war? Wow. “People really hate them that much?” I asked. “They do.” “What did they do that was so bad?” “Well, I can only tell you what I’ve heard. Things like attacking allied demon settlements and slaughtering the women and children, or wiping out all of their foes on the battlefield and then turning to do the same to their allies. When I was a kid, I’d hear stories like that all the time. ‘Don’t stay up too late, or the Superd will come and eat you!’ That sort of thing.” It almost sounded like she was talking about the Putaway Man, the boogeyman from that old anime. Roxy continued. “The Migurd and Superd peoples are closely related, and I’ve heard we used to get treated much the same as they were.” She paused to make sure she had my attention. “I imagine your parents will probably tell you something like this soon enough, but if you ever see someone with emerald-green hair and what looks like a red jewel set in their 59Goldenagato | mp4directs.com forehead, make sure you don’t go anywhere near them. And if interacting with one is unavoidable, whatever you do, make sure you don’t make them mad.” Emerald-green hair and a red jewel in the forehead? She must have been describing the Superd to me. “What’ll happen if I make them mad?” “You might get your entire family killed.” “You said emerald green, with a red jewel in their forehead, right?” “That’s right. The thing on their forehead is their third eye, which allows them to see the flow of magic.” “Are all the Superd women?” I asked. “Er, no. There are men, too, like you’d expect.” “If they do something with the jewel on their head does it turn blue or anything like that?” Roxy tilted her head in bafflement. “Um, no? At least, not that I know of?” Well, I was happy I’d gotten to ask what I wanted. “It sounds like they stand out and are pretty easy to recognize, at least,” I said. “That’s right. If you ever see one, just act casual, like you’ve got something else to do, and get out of there. If you bolt all of a sudden, you might provoke them.” Spotting some punk and making a run for it just invited the chase, huh? Yeah, I had some experience with that. “So, if I do have to talk to one, just speak very politely and I should be okay?” “As long as you don’t say anything blatantly degrading, then there ought to be no problem; however, there are many differences in what’s commonly accepted in human culture versus demon culture, so you might not know what words will trigger an outburst. It’s safest to avoid being obliquely sarcastic and that sort of thing.” Hmm. These guys must have some incredible tempers. Roxy had said they’d been victims of oppression, but it sounded like these fears had some basis. I mean, if their anger was scary enough to warn other people to stay 60Goldenagato | mp4directs.com away from them—yikes. If I got killed, I doubted I’d be lucky enough to get a third shot at life, so I figured it was best to do everything I could to steer clear. These Superd were really bad news. *** Roughly another year went by. My magic lessons were proceeding apace. I could now use Advanced-tier spells from all different branches of magic. All without using incantations, too, of course. Compared to ordinary training, Advanced magic was like picking one’s nose. By which I mean there were a lot of ranged attacks and they felt pretty awkward to use. Like, what was I going to do with the ability to make it rain over a wide area? But then I remembered how, after a prolonged drought, Roxy had made it rain over the wheat fields, to the great joy of the villagers. I’d been at home at the time, so this was all stuff I’d heard from Paul. Evidently, Roxy had handled multiple requests from the townsfolk and had been solving their problems. I could almost hear it now: “I was tilling the soil and struck a big rock buried in the ground! Help me, Roxyemon!” “Just leave it to me!” “Whoa! What kinda magic is that?” “I used water magic to dampen the soil around the rock and then used it in concert with earth magic to change it into mud!” “Wow, that’s amazing! The rock is just sinking away!” “Heeheehee!” I was guessing that was (probably) how it went. “I knew you were the sort of person who liked helping people, Miss Roxy!” I said. 61Goldenagato | mp4directs.com “It’s not exactly that. I’m doing this to earn money on the side.” “You get paid for doing stuff like that?” “Of course.” My first instinct was to write her off as greedy, but the townspeople seemed to accept her terms. They’d never had anyone who could do that sort of thing for them before, and they deeply appreciated Roxy for it. I guessed this was what they called give and take. I’d been thinking about this the wrong way. The idea of helping someone out of a bind without asking for anything in return was a very Japanese one. It was normal to get compensated for that sort of thing. It just made sense. Granted, being the shut-in I was in my past life, not only did I not help anyone else out of a bad situation, I was the bad situation for the rest of my family. Hahaha... *** One day, out of the blue, I decided to ask Roxy, “Would it be better if I called you ‘Master’ instead of just ‘Miss’?” Roxy scrunched up her face awkwardly. “No, probably best not to. I’m sure you’ll easily surpass me soon enough.” I had enough talent to be better than Roxy? It was enough to make me blush. “After all, it’d be weird to call someone whose powers were inferior to yours ‘Master,’” Roxy added. “I don’t think it’s that weird.” “Well, it’d be weird for me. I’d never outlive the shame of having someone who’s clearly better than me referring to me as ‘Master.’” Ah. Was that what this was all about, then? “Are you saying that because you got stronger than your own master, Miss Roxy?” 62Goldenagato | mp4directs.com “Listen, Rudy: A master is someone who says they have nothing else they can teach you, but still butts in with their advice on each and every thing you do.” “You wouldn’t do that, though, Miss Roxy.” “I might.” “Even if you did, I’d be honored.” Roxy always looked pretty satisfied with herself whenever she advised me on things; I probably had quite the grin on my own face when plying her with compliments. “Oh, no. If I became that resentful of my own student’s talents, there’s no telling what I might blurt out.” “Like what sorta things?” “Stuff like how I’m just a filthy demon, or how you’re just some country hick.” Wow, did Roxy seriously just say that to me? I felt sort of bad for her. Being discriminated against wasn’t great, after all. But I guess that’s what you get when there’s a hierarchy to your relationship with someone. “It’ll be fine,” I said. “Just act like you’re better than me!” “I’m not going to act all haughty and superior just because I’m older! I’m just not comfortable having a master-pupil relationship with such an imbalance of talent!” She shot me down real quick; it looked like my bond with my master had taken a turn for the worse. In my mind, I decided that I’d still think of her as my master regardless. After all, she was a girl who still had some traces of youth and could properly teach me whatever I couldn’t learn by reading. 63Goldenagato | mp4directs.com Chapter 5: Swords and Sorcery I was now five. We had a small party to celebrate my birthday. Birthdays weren’t a yearly celebration in these lands. At ages five, ten, and fifteen, it was customary for one’s family to give gifts. You were considered an adult at fifteen, so that made a lot of sense. Paul gifted me with a pair of swords for my birthday. One was a real sword, too long and heavy for a five-year-old to wield; the other was a short practice sword. The real sword had been properly tempered and bore a fine edge. It definitely wasn’t something suitable for a little kid. “Son, a man must always carry a sword within his heart. In order to protect what’s important to you, you...” My father started a long, rambling stream of advice, and I just smiled and nodded. His spiel had a friendly and energetic air to it, but in the end, even Zenith chided him for going on too long. Admonished, he smiled and wrapped up with, “Just remember to keep it put away when you don’t need it.” The man clearly wanted me to have the self-awareness and preparation to be able to carry a sword around. Zenith gave me a book. “Because you love books so much,” she said, as she handed it to me. It was a botanical encyclopedia. “Oh, wow,” I whispered instinctively. Books in this world were quite expensive. They had the means to make paper, but didn’t yet have printing, so everything had to be handwritten. The encyclopedia was a thick volume, complete with helpful illustrations and easy-to-understand descriptions. I could only imagine how much it must have cost. “Thank you, Mother. I wanted something just like this!” With that, Zenith drew me into a tight hug. 64Goldenagato | mp4directs.com Roxy gifted me with a wand. It was a stick, roughly thirty centimeters long, set with a small red stone at the tip. “I crafted it yesterday,” Roxy said. “It completely slipped my mind, since you’ve been using magic this whole time. A master is supposed to create a rod or wand for a pupil who can use elementary magic. My apologies for forgetting.” 65Goldenagato | mp4directs.com 66Goldenagato | mp4directs.com As much as she didn’t like being called “Master,” Roxy sure seemed reluctant to buck the traditions of the role. “Thank you, Master,” I said. “I’ll take good care of it.” Roxy grimaced. *** The following day, I began actually training with the sword, focusing on practice swings and fundamental forms. We had a wooden practice dummy in our yard that I used to practice my forms and my strikes. My father helped me with my footwork, my balance, and the like. It felt really good, getting into the real meat and potatoes of swordplay. Knowing how to wield a sword was crucial in this world. Even the heroes who appeared in books mostly wielded swords. Some used axes or hammers, but they were in a distinct minority. No one used spears, because the despised Superds made use of tridents; it was commonly thought that the spear was a weapon of evil. When a spear appeared in a story, it was usually wielded by the wickedest of villains, the kind who would devour friend and foe alike, who would slaughter indiscriminately. Given that background, the art of the blade was far more advanced in this world than it was in my old one. A master swordsman could cleave a boulder in a single stroke, or unleash a flash of the blade to strike a distant foe. Paul had enough skill to accomplish the first one. I wanted to know the principles behind it, so he demonstrated it several times while praising and encouraging me. He probably felt pretty good having his young, Advanced- magic-using son clapping and cheering for him. Still, no matter how many times he showed me the trick, I couldn’t tell how he did it. So I asked for an explanation. “Take a step forward, like hngh, and then fwam!” “Like this?” “No, you dolt! That was a step forward like hmph, and then a wham! I 67Goldenagato | mp4directs.com said hngh and then fwam! Stay lighter on your feet!” And so it went. This was just conjecture on my part, but it seemed to me that, in this world, magic was woven into the art of swordplay. It was visibly different from the flashy magical effects created by spellcraft, and instead worked by improving one’s physical prowess and strengthening the metal of the sword itself. How else would it be possible to move at such blinding speeds or slice a huge rock in two? Paul wasn’t using magic consciously. That was why he couldn’t explain how he did what he did. It meant that once I was able to reproduce what he did, I’d be able to use magic to give myself a physical boost. I had to stick with it. *** In this world, there were three primary schools of swordplay. First was the Sword God Style. This style maintained that the best defense was a good offense and focused on high-speed moves with the goal of striking one’s opponent first—ideally finishing the fight with a single blow. If the opponent was still standing, the practitioner would continue to strike and feint back until they were victorious. If I had to compare it to something from my old world, the closest thing would be Satsuma Jigen-ryu. Second was the Water God Style, the polar opposite of Sword God: It was a defensive form, focused on warding off strikes and then countering. Its core tenet was one of nonaggressive defense, which didn’t allow the practitioner many openings for attack, but a true master would be able to unleash a counterstrike to any attack coming their way—and I do mean any attack, including projectiles and magical attacks. Given its focus on protection, this was the sword style of choice for royal guards and nobles. Last was the North God Style. This was less a sword form than a general battle strategy. It didn’t focus on specific moves, but allowed the user to adapt to different situations on the fly. According to Paul, this ad hoc approach involved a lot of cheap tricks and clever ploys, but mastering the 68Goldenagato | mp4directs.com style yielded truly fantastical results. The image I got was of a sword- wielding version of Jackie Chan. Because this style taught one to treat injuries and allowed for fighting even with imperfect posture, it was the favored school for mercenaries and adventurers. Together, these were known as the Three Great Styles, and each had adherents the world over. It was said that a swordsman who wanted to push their skill to the ultimate limit would knock on the door of each school and continue training until they were dead—though few people actually did this. The “quick” way to attain martial strength was to pick one of these styles to train in until proficient. In reality, while Paul chiefly practiced Sword God Style, there was a smattering of Water God and North God elements included in there. It seemed that most people didn’t head out into the world deciding to exclusively adhere to one style or another. As with magic, swordsmanship was broken into the following levels of skill: Beginner, Intermediate, Advanced, Saint, King, Imperial, and Divine. The “God” part of each style’s name came from the epithets given to the founders of its school; the first swordsman of the Water God School, for example, was able to use Divine-level water spells. Having a Divine rank in both sword expertise and magical competence made for an obscenely powerful warrior. Also, it was typical when referring to swordsmen to address them as “Water God” or “Water Saint” or whatever their level of proficiency was. For magicians, it was tradition to add “level” to that descriptor. Roxy, for example, was a “Water Saint-tier Magician.” *** Paul decided that I would learn both the Sword God Style and Water God Style: the former to get a good handle on offense and the latter for defense. “But Father,” I asked, “based on what you’ve told me, it sounds like North God Style is the most balanced of the three.” 69Goldenagato | mp4directs.com “Don’t be ridiculous. It’s not even a style—it’s just using a sword to fight with, really.” “Oh, I see.” North God Style was clearly the odd one out of the Three Great Styles. Either that, or Paul just wasn’t fond of it personally. Though he was rather good at the style for someone who didn’t like it. “You’ve got a knack for magic, Rudy, but it doesn’t hurt to learn the sword as well. You want to be a magician who can fend off an attack from someone who can use Sword God Style.” “So, you’re saying I’d be, like, a mage knight?” “Hm? No, a mage knight is a swordsman who can also use magic. You’re the opposite of that.” I wasn’t sure what the difference was, really. Whether you started as a warrior who picked up magic or as a magician who did it the other way ’round, a mage knight still knew how to use both, right? At any rate, if I worked on my swordplay, I could adapt it to my use of magic. The issue was that Paul couldn’t teach me how to magically boost my physical prowess because he wasn’t consciously aware of how he did it. I either needed to acquire the ability myself or attain it via the right physical training. I needed to figure out the principle at work. For a moment, Paul was lost in thought, an uneasy expression on his face. “You don’t like swordplay, do you?” he finally asked. Was he saying that just because I had an aptitude for magic? He must have been worried that I didn’t want to train in the sword. Don’t get me wrong: I had no problem practicing how to use a sword. I just preferred time alone with Roxy studying magic over getting dirty and sweaty with another guy in the yard. I was an indoors sort of guy. But hey, personal preferences couldn’t get in the way of things. I’d decided to put my best effort into my second shot at life, and that meant trying my best at magic and the sword alike. “No,” I said, “I want to be as good at swordplay as I am at magic.” Paul flushed with pride and nodded happily as he brought his wooden practice sword to bear. “All right, then. Let’s get to it. Come at me!” 70Goldenagato | mp4directs.com He was a simple man. Swords and sorcery. I wasn’t sure which I’d ultimately come to rely on. Honestly, I’d be cool with it either way. But it was also my duty to establish a good bond with my parents while I was young. “All right, Father!” I called out. In my past life, I’d been a burden to my parents till the day they died. If I’d been nicer to them, maybe my siblings wouldn’t have kicked me out of the house. I needed to be better to my parents this time around. *** While I was taking my first steps in sword training, my magical studies were taking on a more technical and practical bent. “What would happen if you cast Waterfall, Heat Island, and Icicle Field in that order?” Roxy asked. “You’d create mist.” “Correct. And how would you go about clearing up that mist?” “Umm...cast Heat Island again and heat up the ground?” “Exactly. Now, please demonstrate, if you would.” By using spells from different schools in succession, it was possible to create other phenomena. This was known as Combined Magic. A Textbook of Magic included a spell for making rain, but had nothing about creating mist. Therefore, magicians had to use spells from multiple schools in sequence. This allowed for the reproduction of various natural phenomena. This was a world without microscopes. They probably hadn’t discovered all of the principles that governed the natural world. Combined Magic contained all the creative genius of the great wizards of old. Well, I didn’t need to bother with that kind of nonsense. If I wanted to create a cloud, I’d just use a spell that made rain fall and cast it as close to the ground as possible. The idea of intentionally creating a natural phenomenon 71Goldenagato | mp4directs.com was simple enough to understand. With a little outside-the-box thinking, you could do all sorts of things. For me, personally, that was a bit easier said than done. “Magic can do anything, right?” I asked Roxy. “It can’t do anything,” Roxy admonished. “You mustn’t rely on it too much. Just keep a cool, level head and hone your abilities to do what you’re able, and what you should.” Despite her words, my head was filled with images of things like railguns and active camouflage. “Moreover, if you go around proclaiming how you can do anything, you’re going to get hit with something you can’t.” “Are you speaking from experience, Miss Roxy?” “I am, yes.” Well, this was a lesson I needed to take to heart, then. I didn’t want problems I couldn’t deal with getting dropped in my lap. “Do magicians get hit with a lot of problems in their line of work?” I asked. “Oh, yes. There aren’t that many users of Advanced magic around, after all.” They said that maybe only one in twenty people could learn to fight. And to find a magician among them had the same twenty-to-one odds. So, four-hundred-to-one odds of finding a capable magician, then. Magicians themselves weren’t particularly rare, though. “Only one in a hundred magicians are able to properly learn the art and graduate from magic school, becoming Advanced-tier magicians,” Roxy said. That meant that Advanced-tier magicians were a one-in-forty-thousand deal. If we included Beginner and Intermediate spells in the mix, the number of things Combined Magic could do increased dramatically—which in turn made it so popular. To be a magic tutor around these parts, one needed to be at the Advanced tier or higher. Steep requirements, but they yielded powerful results. “So, there are magic schools?” I asked. “Yes. There are magic schools all over the place in the major 72Goldenagato | mp4directs.com kingdoms.” I’d assumed as much, but still—magic school? Huh. Should I give that a try? Move on to my schoolboy arc? “Though the largest,” Roxy continued, “is the Ranoa University of Magic.” Whoa, they even had universities for that sort of thing? “Is this university different from the other magic schools?” I asked. “They have excellent facilities and a faculty to match. You’d have access to more modern and advanced courses there than at other schools, I’d imagine.” “Did you go to the University of Magic, too, Miss Roxy?” “I did. Magic schools have very strict rules and regulations, so the University of Magic was the only school I could get into.” It sounded like these other Ranoan magic schools would allow a child of noble birth like myself to attend, but could deny entry on the basis of someone not being human. Discrimination against demons was lessening in modern days, but strong prejudices still lingered. “The Ranoa University of Magic doesn’t lean on any strange regulations or misplaced pride. As long as you adhere to proper theory, they won’t kick you out for being on the eccentric side, and they accept students of all different races. The different races even carry out individual research on their own particular kind of spellcraft. If you’re interested in taking your magical education further, Rudy, I can highly recommend the University of Magic.” Way to talk up her own alma mater. I was getting ahead of myself anyway. If I enrolled in university at age five, I’d probably get the crap bullied out of me. “I think it’s a little early to make that sort of decision,” I murmured. “Indeed. You could also fulfil Sir Paul’s hopes of you becoming a swordsman or a knight. And there are people who’ve attained the title of knight who have also attended the University of Magic. Don’t think your choice is an exclusive one between swords or sorcery. You could always become a mage knight or something, after all.” 73Goldenagato | mp4directs.com “Okay.” Well then. It sounded like Roxy felt the opposite of Paul, worried that I didn’t like magic enough. Lately, my magical reserves had been increasing, and I’d come to understand much of the theory behind the art. As a result, I was frequently restless and distracted during our classes. And besides, I’d been forced to take classes starting at age three. She probably figured I’d grown sick of it over the last two years. Paul saw in me a talent for magic; Roxy saw in me a passion for the sword. With these differing ideas, they were pointing me toward a middle path. “We’re talking about stuff well into the future, right?” I said. “For you, Rudy, yes.” Roxy flashed a forlorn smile. “Pretty soon, however, I’ll run out of things I can teach you. Your graduation is coming up very soon, so this sort of conversation isn’t too premature.” Wait—graduation? 74Goldenagato | mp4directs.com Chapter 6: Reasons for Respect I had not left home since I’d come to this world. After a point, that became intentional on my part. I was afraid. When I stepped into the yard and looked at the world beyond, memories came flooding back to me: memories of that day. The ache in my side. The chill of the rain. Regret. Despair. The pain of being hit by that truck. It was as vivid as if it had been yesterday. My legs trembled. I was able to look out the window. I was able to step into our yard. But I could not bring myself to go farther. And I knew why. This serene pastoral landscape that stretched out before me could turn into hell in an instant. As peaceful as the scenery looked, it would never accept me. In my past life, while sitting around the house, frustrated and horny, I’d fantasize about Japan suddenly getting caught up in a war. And then a hot girl showing up one day, needing a place to stay. I knew that if that happened, I’d rise to the challenge. That fantasy was my escape from reality. I’d dreamt it so many times. In those dreams, I wasn’t larger than life or anything—just a normal guy. Just a normal guy, doing normal things, living a normal life for himself. But then, I’d wake up from that dream. I feared that if I took one step away from my home now, I’d wake up from this dream, too. I’d wake up, and find myself right back in that moment of crushing despair, battered by the waves of my many regrets. No. This was no dream. It felt far too real. Maybe if you’d told me it was a VRMMORPG, but—no. This is reality, I told myself. I knew it was. Reality, and not a dream. 75Goldenagato | mp4directs.com And yet, I still couldn’t bring myself to take that one step away from home. No matter how I tried to reassure myself, no matter how much I promised myself aloud, my body would not obey. I wanted to cry. *** The graduation ceremony was to take place outside the village, Roxy informed me. I protested meekly. “Outside?” “Yes, just outside the village. I’ve already got the horse prepared.” “Can’t we do it inside the house?” “No, we can’t.” “We can’t, huh?” I was at a loss. Intellectually, I knew that someday I’d need to venture into the world beyond. My body refused to comply, though. It still remembered too much from before. It remembered my old life. Getting beaten up by punks. Being laughed at uproariously. Experiencing tremendous heartbreak. Having no choice but to become a shut-in. “Why, what’s the matter?” Roxy asked. “Um, well, it’s just... there might be monsters or something out there.” “Oh, we certainly won’t run into any of them around these parts, long as we don’t get too close to the forests. Even if we do, they’ll be weak enough that I can take care of them. Heck, you could probably handle them yourself.” Roxy frowned dubiously at all my hemming and hawing about not wanting to leave. “Ah, that’s right, I remember hearing that you’ve never left home, have you, Rudy?” “Er... no.” “Is it because you’re afraid of the horse?” 76Goldenagato | mp4directs.com “N-no, I’m...not that scared of horses.” I actually liked horses, really. I’d played Derby Stallion and everything. “Hehe. Ah, so that’s all it is,” Roxy said. “I guess you do act your age sometimes.” She totally had the wrong idea, but I couldn’t tell her I was afraid of leaving the house. That’d be even more humiliating than saying I was afraid of horses. And I still had my sense of pride—my minuscule, out-of-touch- with-reality sense of pride. Really, all I wanted was to not have a little girl like her make fun of me. I still didn’t move. “Guess I don’t have any other choice, then,” Roxy said. “Hyup!” With that, she picked me up and slung me right over her shoulder. “Bwuh?!” I balked. “Once you get on the horse, your fears will all go away, I promise.” I didn’t struggle. Part of me was conflicted about what was happening, but another part of me felt like I should just accept being bodily whisked away. Roxy hoisted me atop the horse and clambered up behind me. She took the reins, tugged at them, and the horse cantered off, leaving the house behind. This was the first time I’d gone farther than my own yard. Roxy slowly guided us through the village. From time to time, villagers would shoot sharp, unabashed stares in my direction. Oh, please, no, I thought. Those looks were as scary as ever— especially that glint of sneering superiority I knew too well. Surely, they wouldn’t come up and address me with a snide, condescending tone...right? They didn’t even know me. How could they? The only people who knew me in this entire world were the ones in that tiny little house. So why were they looking at me? Quit staring at me, I grumbled 77Goldenagato | mp4directs.com inwardly. Get back to work. But—no. It wasn’t me they were staring at. It was Roxy. And some of the townsfolk, I noticed, were bowing to her. And then it hit me: Roxy had made a name for herself in the village, even with the sizeable prejudice against demons in this kingdom. And we were out in the countryside, so those attitudes were even more pronounced. In the span of two years, Roxy had become someone that people here were willing to bow to. With that realization, I sensed the trustworthy presence Roxy had become. She knew the way, and clearly knew the people we were passing by. If anyone did try saying something to me, I was sure she’d step in. Man, how did the girl who spied on my parents’ bedroom antics manage to become someone of such high esteem? The tension ebbed from my body at that thought. “Caravaggio’s in a good mood,” Roxy said. “He seems happy to have you riding him, Rudy.” Caravaggio was the horse’s name. I had no idea how to read a horse’s mood, though. “Oh, okay,” I said vaguely, resting against Roxy, her modest chest pressing against the back of my head. It felt nice. Just what had I been so afraid of? Why would anyone in this quiet village want to mock me for anything? Roxy’s voice broke me out of my headspace. “Are you still afraid?” I shook my head. The looks from the villagers no longer frightened me at all. “No, I’m okay.” “See? What did I tell you?” Now that I’d found some composure, I could fully take in of my surroundings. Fields spread out as far as I could see, with houses dotted here and there. It definitely had the feel of a farming village. Much farther in the distance were quite a few more houses. If they’d been more closely packed together, I’d think it was a town. All it needed was a windmill for it to look like Switzerland or something. 78Goldenagato | mp4directs.com Actually, didn’t they have water mills, too? Now that I’d relaxed, I noticed how quiet things were. Things were never this quiet when Roxy and I were together. But then, we’d never really been alone like this together, either. The silence wasn’t bad, really; it was just a tad awkward. So, I decided to break it. “Miss Roxy, what do they harvest from these fields?” “It’s mostly Asuran wheat, which is used to make bread. Probably some Vatirus flowers and some vegetables as well. In the capital, Vatirus flowers are processed into perfume. The rest is the sort of stuff you’re used to seeing on your table at meals.” “Oh, yeah, I see some peppers! You can’t eat those, can you, Miss Roxy?” “It’s not that I can’t eat them, I’m just not terribly fond of them.” I continued asking questions like that. Today, Roxy said, would be my final exam—which would mean the end of her role as my tutor. And knowing how impatient Roxy could be, she might leave my home as early as tomorrow. If that was the case, today was our last chance to spend time together. I figured I should talk to her while I still could. Sadly, I couldn’t find the right topic of conversation, so I ended up just asking more questions about my village. According to Roxy, we lived in Buena Village, which was located in the Fittoa Region, in the northeastern part of the Asura Kingdom. At present, there were over thirty households here, working the farmland. My father, Paul, was a knight who had been deployed to the village. His job was to watch over the townsfolk to ensure they were carrying out their work properly, adjudicate any disputes, and protect the village from monster attacks. In short, he was basically a publicly sanctioned bodyguard. That being said, the young men in the village also took turns guarding it, so Paul spent most of his afternoons at home after he made his morning rounds. Ours was a pretty peaceful village, leaving him with little work to do. As Roxy filled me in on these details, the wheat fields grew scant. I stopped asking her questions, and the silence resumed for a while. The rest of 79Goldenagato | mp4directs.com our journey would take roughly another hour. Soon, the fields of wheat were completely gone, leaving us to travel through empty grassland. *** We continued our way across the plains, bound for the flat horizon. No—I could faintly see mountains in the distance. If nothing else, this was something you couldn’t see in Japan. It reminded me of a picture of the Mongolian steppes in a geography textbook or something. “Right here should do nicely,” Roxy said, bringing the horse to a stop next to a solitary tree. She dismounted and tied the reins to the tree. Then, she picked me up and helped me down, putting us face to face. “I’m going to cast the Water Saint-tier attack spell Cumulonimbus,” she said. “It creates thunder, and causes torrential rain to come down in a large area.” “All right.” “Please follow what I do and attempt to cast the spell yourself.” I was going to be using Water Saint-tier magic. Now I got it: This was my final examination. Roxy was going to use the most powerful spell she had in her repertoire, and if I was able to use it as well, that would mean she’d taught me all she could. “For demonstration purposes, I’m going to dismiss the spell after a minute. If you can keep the rain falling for...at least one hour, let’s say, I’ll consider that a pass.” “Did we come out here where there aren’t any people because this involves secret teachings?” I asked. “No, we came here because the spell might hurt people or cause damage to the crops.” Wow. Rain so powerful it could damage crops? This sounded incredible. “Now then.” Roxy raised both her hands skyward. “Oh, spirits of the 80Goldenagato | mp4directs.com magnificent waters, I beseech the Prince of Thunder! Grant me my wish, bless me with thy savagery, and reveal to this insignificant servant a glimpse of thy power! Let fear strike the heart of man as thy divine hammer strikes its anvil and cover the land with water! Come, oh rain, and wash everything away in thy flood of destruction—Cumulonimbus!” She chanted steadily, slowly, and purposefully. It took her just over a minute to complete her incantation. A moment later, our surroundings grew dark. For several seconds, there was nothing—then, a pelting rain began to fall. A terrific wind roared, accompanied by black clouds that flickered with lightning. Amidst the pouring sheets of rain, the sky began to rumble, and purple light shot through the clouds. With each new flash, the lightning increased in power. It was almost as if the light itself was taking on a palpable weight, growing with a swell and ready to come right— —down. The lightning struck the tree next to us. My eardrums rang, and my vision went painfully white. Roxy let out a yelp of alarm at the near miss. A mere moment later, the clouds scattered, the rain and thunder promptly letting up. “Oh, no,” Roxy muttered as she rushed over to the tree, her face pale. When my vision returned, I saw that the horse had collapsed, smoke rising from its body. Roxy set her hands on the horse’s body and quickly began to chant. “Oh, goddess of motherly affection, close up this one’s wounds and restore the vigor to his body—X-Healing!” Roxy’s chant had been flustered, but before long, the horse came to. It couldn’t have been that close to death, then: An Intermediate-tier Healing spell like that couldn’t restore the dead to life. The horse looked alarmed, and sweat had beaded on Roxy’s forehead. “Whew! That was a close one!” Yeah, I’d say it was a close one, all right. That was my family’s only horse! Paul dutifully tended to it every day and would occasionally take it out on long rides, a bright smile on his face. It didn’t have a particularly impressive pedigree or anything, but Paul and that horse had been through a lot over the years. It wasn’t a stretch to say that, after Zenith, Paul loved that 81Goldenagato | mp4directs.com horse more than anything. That’s how important it was. Of course, having spent the last two years living with us, Roxy was well aware of that, too. I’d seen her more than once, looking entranced as she spied on Paul and the horse, only to then shrink away. “Could we, ah, could we please keep this a secret?” Roxy said, tears in her eyes. She was a klutz. Near misses and scrapes like this were a common occurrence with her. Still, she gave things her all. I knew she stayed up late every night to plan lessons for me, and I knew that she tried her hardest to put on an air of dignity so people wouldn’t write her off for her age. I liked that about her. If it weren’t for our age difference, I’d want to marry her. “You don’t need to worry,” I said. “I won’t tell my father.” Her lip quivered. “Please don’t.” I mean, I would have liked to be within at least a decade of her, age- wise. Despite being on the edge of tears, Roxy quickly shook her head, slapped her own cheeks, and regained her composure. “All right, Rudy. Go ahead and give it a try. I’ll be sure to keep Caravaggio safe.” The horse still looked frightened, ready to bolt at any moment, but Roxy stepped in front of him, blocking his path with her tiny body. She certainly couldn’t physically overpower a horse, but bit by bit, the nervous creature grew more docile. Roxy held her position and muttered an incantation under her breath. Both of them were engulfed by a wall of earth, which proceeded to grow into an earthen dome not unlike an igloo. This was the Advanced-tier earth spell Earth Fortress. That ought to suffice to keep them safe from the thunderstorm. All right. It was my time to do this. I was gonna be so amazing that it’d blow Roxy’s mind. How did the incantation go again? Ah, yes. “Oh, spirits of the magnificent waters, I beseech the Prince of Thunder! Grant me my wish, bless me with thy savagery, and reveal to this insignificant servant a glimpse 82Goldenagato | mp4directs.com of thy power! Let fear strike the heart of man as thy divine hammer strikes its anvil and cover the land with water! Come, oh rain, and wash everything away in thy flood of destruction—Cumulonimbus!” I got the words out in a single breath, and the clouds began to billow and swell. Now I understood the nature of the Cumulonimbus spell: In addition to conjuring clouds overhead, you simultaneously had to handle a complex series of motions to turn them into thunderclouds—or something to that effect. You had to continually funnel magic into the spell or the clouds would stop moving and dissipate. Leaving the magic aside, it was going to suck having to stand here with both hands raised for over an hour. Wait, no. Hold on. Magicians were creative. They wouldn’t need to hold a pose like this for an hour to pull things off. I had to remember: This was a test. I wasn’t supposed to stand still for an hour; after creating the clouds, I needed to use some form of Combined Magic to keep the spell maintained. This was the moment of truth. I needed to call upon all I’d learned. “Okay, I think I remember seeing this on TV once. So, when clouds are still in the process of forming...” Some of the clouds Roxy had created earlier still lingered. If I remembered right, I could conjure a horizontal whirlwind of air and warm the air beneath it to create an updraft. And then, if I cooled the air above the updraft, it would pick up speed and... In doing all that, I wound up burning through half my magical reserves. I’d done what I could, though. Now I just had to see if it would last an hour. Satisfied, I headed back to the dome Roxy had created, rain pouring down on me as thunder rumbled in the skies above. Roxy sat against one side of the dome, the horse’s reins clutched in her hands. Upon seeing me, she gave a little nod. “This dome will disappear in about an hour,” she said, “so we’ll be fine, assuming it doesn’t go away before then.” “Okay.” “Don’t worry. Caravaggio will be fine.” 83Goldenagato | mp4directs.com “Okay.” “Well, if everything’s ‘okay’ then get back out there. You need to control those thunderclouds for an hour, remember.” Huh? “Control them?” “Hmm? Well, yes. What’s so strange about that?” Roxy asked. “Just... I need to control them?” “Of course. This is a Water Saint-tier magic spell, and if you don’t keep your spell fueled with magic, your clouds are going to dissipate.” “But I already took steps to make sure they wouldn’t,” I said. “Huh? Oh!” Roxy began rushing out of the dome as if she’d suddenly realized something. At this, the dome began to crumble. Hey now, remember to control your magic or you’ll bury the horse alive. “Whoops!” Roxy hurriedly regained control of her spell, then stepped outside. She looked into the sky, astonished. “I see! You created a diagonal whirlwind in order to push the clouds up!” The cumulonimbus clouds I’d created were still growing, seemingly without limit. Not bad, if I said so myself. A long time ago, I’d caught some TV special that went into the science behind supercell formation. I didn’t remember the exact details, but I’d retained a vague visual impression of the process. Going off that, I’d managed to create something similar enough. “Rudy,” Roxy said, “you pass.” “Huh? But it hasn’t been an hour yet.” “There’s no need. If you can do that, you’re more than competent enough,” she replied. “Now then, can you make it go away?” “Er, sure. It’ll take a little while, though.” I cooled the ground over a wide area, then warmed the air above in order to create a downward current, ultimately using some wind magic to scatter the clouds. Once I was done, Roxy and I stood there, the two of us drenched to the 84Goldenagato | mp4directs.com bone. “Congratulations,” Roxy said. “You are now a Water Saint.” She looked stunning, her hand brushing aside her wet bangs, an all-too-rare grin on her face. 85Goldenagato | mp4directs.com 86Goldenagato | mp4directs.com I hadn’t achieved anything in my past life. But I’d done something now. As soon as I realized that, a curious sensation welled up from within me. And I knew what it was. A sense of accomplishment. For the first time since coming to this world, I felt like I’d truly taken my first step. The following day, Roxy stood in the entryway to our house in her traveling gear, the spitting image of the person who had arrived two years prior. My mother and father didn’t look much different, either. About the only thing that had changed was that I was taller. “Roxy,” Zenith said, “you’re more than welcome to stay. I still have plenty of recipes that I could teach you.” Paul followed up. “Right. Your role as a home tutor may have come to an end, but we’re in your debt for your help with the drought last year. I’m sure the villagers would be happy to have you stick around.” Here were my parents, trying to keep Roxy from leaving. Unbeknownst to me, they’d apparently become good friends. Which made sense; her afternoons had been a huge swath of free time, and I guess she’d spent it broadening her social circle. She wasn’t just a love interest in a video game, whose circumstances only changed when the main character did something. “I appreciate the offer, but I’m afraid I can’t accept,” Roxy replied. “Teaching your son has made me realize how powerless I truly am, so I’m going to head out and travel the world for a while to hone my magic.” She had to be a little shocked that I’d reached the same rank as her. And she’d said previously that having a pupil who exceeded her skills made her uncomfortable. “I see,” said Paul. “I suppose it is what it is. I’m sorry that our son caused you to lose confidence in yourself.” Hey! You didn’t have to put it like that, Dad! “Oh, no,” Roxy said. “I’m grateful to be shown how conceited I’ve been.” “I’d hardly call you conceited when you’re able to use Water Saint-tier magic,” Paul countered. 87Goldenagato | mp4directs.com “Even if I couldn’t, your son’s ingenuity has shown me that I can be capable of even stronger magic.” With a small grimace, Roxy put her hand on my head. “Rudy, I wanted to do my best for you, but I didn’t have what it takes to teach you.” “That isn’t true. You taught me all sorts of things, Miss Roxy.” “I’m happy to hear that,” Roxy said. “Oh, and that reminds me!” She reached into the folds of her robe, fumbled around, and pulled out a pendant strung with a leather cord. It was made of a metal that shone with a green luster, fashioned in the shape of three interlocking spears. “This is to commemorate your graduation. I didn’t have much time to prepare it, but hopefully this will suffice.” “What is it?” “It’s a Migurd amulet. If you happen to run into any demons who give you a hard time, show them this and mention my name, and they should ease up on you a bit... probably.” “I’ll be sure to take good care of it.” “Remember, it’s not a guarantee. Don’t be overconfident.” Then, at the very, very end, Roxy flashed a little smile, and departed. Before I knew it, I was crying. She really had given me so much: wisdom, experience, technique... If I’d never met her, I’d probably still be doing what I was before, fumbling my way through with A Textbook of Magic in one hand. More than anything, though, she took me outside. She took me outside. That was it. Such a simple thing. It was Roxy who’d done that for me. And that meant something. Roxy, who’d come to this village not even two years ago. Roxy, who looked like someone who’d never get along well with strangers. Roxy, a demon whom the villagers should have considered beneath their notice. Not Paul. Not Zenith. Roxy was the one who took me to the outside world, and that meant something. I say that she took me to the outside world, when really, all she did was 88Goldenagato | mp4directs.com take me across town. Still, the prospect of leaving home had definitely been a traumatic one for me, and she’d cured me of that—just by taking me through the village. That had been enough to lift my spirits. She hadn’t been trying to rehabilitate me, but I’d still had a breakthrough because of her. Yesterday, after we’d gotten back home, soaking wet, I’d turned to look at the front gate and taken just one step beyond it. And right there was the ground. Just the ground, and nothing more. My anxieties had left me. Now, I was capable of walking outside on my own. She’d managed to do something for me that no one else ever had, not even my parents or siblings from my past life. She was the one who’d done it for me. I’d been given not irresponsible words, but a responsible sense of courage. That hadn’t been her aim: I knew that. She’d done it for herself, and I knew that, too. But I respected her. Young as she was, I respected her. I promised myself I wouldn’t look away until Roxy disappeared from view. In my hands, I clutched the wand and the pendant she’d given me. I still had all the things she’d taught me. Then I realized: Up in my room I still had a pair of her used panties that I’d stolen a few months ago. Sorry about that, Roxy. 89Goldenagato | mp4directs.com Chapter 7: Friends I decided to try going outside. After all, Roxy had shown me I could do that, and I wasn’t going to let that go to waste. “Father,” I said, my botanical encyclopedia in one hand, “can I go and play outside?” Children my age were prone to wandering as soon as you took your eyes off of them. Even if I stayed in the general neighborhood, I didn’t want to worry my parents by slipping away without saying anything. “Hmm? Play outside? Not just out in the yard, I take it?” “Yeah.” “Oh. Well, sure. Of course you can.” Paul gave his permission readily enough. “Come to think of it, we haven’t given you much free time. Here we are, taking up all your time teaching you swordplay and spellcraft, but it’s important for children to play, too.” “I really appreciate that I’ve got such good teachers.” I thought of Paul as a strict father who was worried too much about his kid’s education, but his line of thinking was actually pretty flexible. I’d half- expected him to demand I spend all day working on my swordsmanship. It was almost a letdown. Paul was a man of intuition. “But, hmm... you really want to go out? I used to think you were such a frail boy, but I guess time does fly, huh?” “You thought I was frail?” This was news to me. I hadn’t ever been sick or anything. “Because of how you never used to cry.” “Oh. All right. But if I’m all right now, then it’s no problem, yeah? I’ve grown up to be a healthy and charming boy! Seeeeee?” I pulled my cheeks and made a funny face. Paul frowned. “It’s the ways in which you aren’t childish that worry 90Goldenagato | mp4directs.com me more.” “Am I not turning out to be the firstborn son you wanted me to be?” “No, it’s not that.” “Given the look of disappointment on your face, would it be better to say that you’re hoping I become a more fitting heir to the Greyrat family?” I posited. “I’m not proud of it, but when I was your age, your old man was a total brat who was always going around chasing skirts.” “You were a skirt-chaser?” So, they had those in this world, too, huh? And wait—did he just call himself a brat? “If you really want to be worthy of the Greyrat family, go out there and bring home a girlfriend,” he said. Wait—was that the kind of family we were? Wasn’t my dad a knight charged with protecting a frontier town in addition to being a low-ranking noble? Did we have no social standing at all? No, I guess we were just really low-ranking. “Understood,” I said. “Then I’ll be heading off into the village to look for a skirt or two to chase after.” “Hey now. You need to be nice to girls. And don’t go around bragging just because you can use powerful magic. Real men don’t get strong just to brag about it.” That was actually good advice. Man, I wish my brothers from my past life could have heard that. But Paul was right; power wielded for its own sake was meaningless. And even I was able to understand that, given the terms he’d put it in. “I understand, Father; power should be reserved for when you can make girls see how cool you look.” “That’s, uh, not exactly what I meant...” It’s not? Wasn’t that where this discussion was going? Heheh. Whoops! “I’m just joking,” I said. “It’s for protecting the weak, right?” 91Goldenagato | mp4directs.com “Yes, exactly.” With that conversation concluded, I tucked my botanical encyclopedia back under one arm, slung the wand I’d received from Roxy at my hip, and headed out. Before I got far, though, I stopped and turned, remembering one last thing. “Oh, by the way, Father, I think I’ll probably go out like this on occasion, but I promise I’ll always tell someone at home first, and I won’t neglect my daily magic and sword studies either. And I promise to be home before the sun goes down and it gets dark, and I won’t go anywhere dangerous.” I wanted to leave him with some reassurance, after all. “Ah, yeah. Sure.” For some reason, Paul sounded a little out of it. Look, if you’re giving me permission, just say so. “Okay then,” I said. “I’m off.” “Come back safe.” And then, I left home. *** Several days went by. I wasn’t afraid of the outside world anymore. Things were going pretty well. I was even able to exchange greetings with passersby without mumbling my way through. People knew about me—that I was the son of Paul and Zenith, and Roxy’s disciple. When I ran into people for the first time, I’d greet them properly and introduce myself. People I was meeting again got a “good day.” Everyone greeted me back, bright smiles on their faces. It had been a long time since I’d felt so open and carefree. Paul and Roxy’s combined relative fame was more than half of what helped me feel so comfortable. The rest was all thanks to what Roxy had done for me. Which meant, I guess, that Roxy was to thank for the bulk of it. I’d have to take very good care of those treasured panties. *** 92Goldenagato | mp4directs.com My main goal in going outside was to go exploring on my own two feet and get the lay of the land. If I knew my way around, then I wouldn’t get lost if I ever got kicked out of my house. At the same time, I also wanted to carry out some botanical investigations. I had my encyclopedia, after all, so I wanted to make sure I could tell which plants were edible and which weren’t, which could be used as medicine and which were poisonous. That way, if I ever got kicked out of my house, I wouldn’t need to worry about where I’d get food from. Roxy had only taught me the basics, but by my understanding, our village grew wheat, vegetables, and the fragrant ingredients of perfumes. The Vatirus flower, used in those perfumes, was very similar to lavender: pale purple and edible. With a visually striking specimen like that as my test case, I started using the botanical encyclopedia to cross-reference whichever plants caught my eye. As it turned out, however, the village wasn’t very large, and we didn’t have particularly notable flora. After a few days of basically nothing, I expanded my search radius and made my way closer to the forest. There were a lot more plants there, after all. “If I remember right, magic builds up more readily in forests, which makes them more dangerous.” More dangerous because higher concentrations of magic meant a higher likelihood of monsters coming into being, the energies causing sudden mutations in otherwise benign creatures. What I didn’t know was why magic accumulated more easily there. In addition to monsters being fairly rare in these parts, we also had regular monster hunts, making things even safer. A monster hunt was exactly what it sounded like: Once a month, a group of young men, made up of knights, hunters, and the local militia, would head into the woods and clear some monsters out. Apparently, though, monsters that were quite dreadful could suddenly turn up in the depths of the forest. Maybe part of why I’d learned magic was to do battle against such things. But I was a former shut-in who couldn’t even handle schoolyard scuffles. I couldn’t afford to be arrogant. I had no actual combat experience, and if I screwed up in the heat of the moment, it’d be a total disaster. I’d seen far too many people get killed doing that sort of thing 93Goldenagato | mp4directs.com —well, in manga, anyway. But I wasn’t the hot-blooded type. As far as I was concerned, combat was something to be avoided as best as possible. If I ran into a monster, I’d run back home and let Paul know. Yeah, that was a good plan. With that in mind, I made my way up a small hill. At the top stood a lone tree, the largest one around. A high vantage point like this would be perfect for confirming the layout of my village. Also, this being the biggest tree in the area, I wanted to see what type it was. And that’s when I heard them. Voices. “We don’t need no demons in our village!” At the sound of that voice, painful memories came flooding back. I remembered my time in high school, and what had led to my becoming a shut-in. I remembered the nightmares about being called “Pencil Dick.” These voices reminded me so very much of the voices that had called me by that terrible nickname. These were the voices of someone who used the numbers on their side to torment somebody beneath them. “Get the hell out of here!” “Take this!” “Ha, nice! Direct hit, man!” I saw a field, muddy from the other day’s rain. Three boys with their bodies all caked in mud were hurling mud at another boy who was walking along. “Ten points if you can nail him in the head!” “Hngh!” “I got him! Didja see that?! Right in the head!” Yikes. This was not good. This was classic bullying right here. These kids thought this other boy wasn’t good enough for them, so they could do whatever the hell they wanted. If they’d gotten their hands on an air gun, they would have turned it on this kid and opened fire. The directions always said not to point those things at people and shoot, but boys like these didn’t see their targets as people. They were abhorrent. 94Goldenagato | mp4directs.com Their target could have quickly shuffled on his way, but for some reason, he was dawdling. I looked more closely and saw that he had something like a basket clutched to his chest, which he hunched over to keep its contents safe from the balls of mud being hurled his way. It was keeping him from getting away from the bullies’ onslaught. “Hey, he’s got something!” “Is that his demon treasure?!” “I bet it’s something he stole!” “If you can bullseye that, it’s worth a hundred points!” “Let’s get that treasure!” I broke into a run, heading for the boy. Along the way, I used my magic to form a ball of mud, and the instant I was in firing range, I hurled it with all my might. Whap! “What the hell?!” I hit the kid who looked like their leader, a conspicuously large fellow, right in the face. “Gah, it got in my eyes!” His buddies all turned their attention to me at once. “Who the heck’re you?” “This ain’t got nothing to do with you! Stay out of it!” “What are you, an ally of the demons or something?” Guess people like this were the same in every world. “I’m no ally to the demons,” I said. “I’m an ally to the weak.” I gave them a haughty sneer. The other boys steeled themselves, drawing themselves up as if they were in the right. “Don’t you try to act tough!” one of them snapped. “Hey, he’s that one knight’s kid!” “Hah! He’s just a baby!” Uh-oh. They’d figured out who I was. “You sure the son of a knight should be doing this sort of thing, huh?” “See, I told ya that knight was on the demons’ side!” 95Goldenagato | mp4directs.com “C’mon, let’s get the others!” “Hey, guys! We’ve got some weirdo here!” Crap. These kids were calling for their friends! But no one showed up. Even still, my legs were locked in place. Sure, there were three of them, but it felt so pathetic, freezing up at having kids shout at me. Was mine just destined to be the saga of a bullied shut-in? “Y-you shut up!” I bit back. “Ganging up on a kid three-to-one—you guys are the worst!” Their faces screwed up in confusion. Ugh. Dammit. “Hey, you’re the one who’s shouting now, you dumbass!” one of them blurted. I was pissed off, so I hurled another mudball their way. I missed. “You little brat!” “Where the heck is he getting the mud from?!” “It doesn’t matter! Just throw it back!” What I’d dished out was being returned threefold, but thanks to the footwork Paul had taught me, as well as a bit of magic, I was able to dodge the volley rather gracefully. “Hey! Knock it off!” “Yeah, you’re not supposed to dodge!” Heheheh. Hey, if you can’t hit me, that’s your problem, fellas! The three boys continued to throw balls of mud my way for a while longer, but when it became apparent they weren’t going to hit me, they threw up their hands as if they’d suddenly found something better to do. “Aw, this is boring!” “Yeah, let’s go.” “And we’re gonna let everyone know the knight’s kid is a demon- lover!” 96Goldenagato | mp4directs.com They tried to make it sound like they hadn’t lost—that they’d just decided to stop. With that, the little punks headed off for the other end of the field. I’d done it! For the very first time in my life, I’d beaten the bullies! Er, not to brag or anything. Whew. Arguments like that really weren’t my strong suit after all. I’m glad things hadn’t come to blows. For now, I needed to check on the kid they’d been throwing mud at. I turned to him and asked, “Hey, are you all right? Are your things okay?” Whoa... The boy was so pretty it was hard to think we were around the same age. He had rather long eyelashes for someone so young, with a dainty little nose, thin lips, and a somewhat pointed jawline. His skin was porcelain white, and his features combined to give him the look of a startled rabbit, in addition to a sense of unspeakable beauty. Man, if only Paul had been the prettier sort. Maybe I’d have a face like that. No, Paul wasn’t bad-looking. And Zenith looked really good. Which meant my face was fine. Certainly compared to my face in my past life, all flabby and marked with pimples. So, yeah, I was pretty good-looking. Yeah. The boy turned his timid gaze back to me. “Y-yeah, I’m...I’m okay.” He made me want to protect and care for him, as if he were some small animal. If you were a lady who was into shota stuff, he’d have your panties soaked on the spot—er, well, if you could get past the way he was all caked in mud. His clothes were filthy, and mud clung to half of his face. The top of his head was basically a uniform brown. It bordered on miraculous that he’d managed to keep his basket safe. There was only one thing for me to do. “Here, why don’t you set that down over there and kneel by the irrigation ditch,” I said. “Huh? Whuh?” The boy blinked in confusion even as he began to do as I said. Guess he was the sort of kid who did what he was told. If he were the defiant sort, he would have fought back against those bullies earlier. 97Goldenagato | mp4directs.com He crawled over to the irrigation ditch, hunched on all fours as he peered into the water. If you were a guy who was into shota stuff, you’d currently have a definite throbbing in your pants, too. “Here,” I said. “Close your eyes.” I used some fire magic to heat the water to an appropriate temperature: neither too hot nor too cold, but a nice, warm forty degrees Celsius. I then took some of it and doused the boy’s head. “Gwah!” I grabbed his collar as he squirmed and tried to get away, and proceeded to wash away the mud. He struggled at first, but as he got used to the water’s temperature, he started to calm down. As for his clothes, those would have to be laundered at home. “All right, that should about do it,” I said. With the mud out of the way, I used fire magic to create hot wind, like an air dryer, then took a handkerchief to carefully wipe the rest of the boy’s face. 98Goldenagato | mp4directs.com 99Goldenagato | mp4directs.com In doing so, I could finally see his pointed, elf-like ears, as well as the emerald green hair he sported. I immediately remembered something Roxy had told me. “If you ever see someone with emerald-green hair, make sure you don’t go anywhere near them.” Hm? Wait, hold on. That wasn’t quite right. I think it was... “If you ever see someone with emerald-green hair and what looks like a red jewel set in their forehead, make sure you don’t go anywhere near them.” Yeah, that was it! I’d forgotten the bit about the red jewel. This kid’s forehead, however, was nothing but a smooth and pretty white. Whew. I was safe. He wasn’t one of those nasty Superds. “Th-thank you...” The boy’s words of gratitude snapped me back into the moment. Dang. He was kinda giving me the tingles there. I decided to give him some advice. “Listen, if you just roll over for people like that, they’re never going to leave you alone, you know.” “I can’t beat those guys...” “You need to want to fight back; that’s the key.” “But they’ve always got bigger kids with them. And I don’t want to get hurt...” Ah, so that was it. If he fought back, those kids would call for their friends, and they’d give him a thorough beating. No matter what world you lived in, that was a thing. Roxy had put in a lot of effort, so the grown-ups seemed to have accepted demons, but not the children. Kids could be so cruel. This right here wasn’t too far from outright bigotry. “You must have it rough, getting bullied just because the color of your hair makes you look like a Superd.” “You’re...not bothered by it?” “My teacher was a demon. What race do you belong to?” I asked. Roxy had told me that the Migurd and Superd were closely related. Maybe 100Goldenagato | mp4directs.com his race was, too. But the boy just shook his head. “I don’t know.” He didn’t know? At his age? That was odd. “Well, what race is your father?” “He’s a half-elf. His other half is human, he said.” “And your mother?” “She’s human, but she also has some beastman blood in there, too.” The child of a half-elf and a quarter-beastman? Did that explain his hair, then? Tears welled up in the boy’s eyes. “And so they—m-my dad, he...he tells me I’m not a demon, b-but...my hair isn’t the same color as his or my mom’s...” He started to sob, and I reached over to reassuringly pat his head. If his hair color didn’t match either of his parents’, though, that was a big deal. The possibility that his mother had had an affair occurred to me. “Is your hair color the only thing that’s different?” “My...my ears are longer than my dad’s, too.” “I see.” A demon race that had long ears and green hair sounded plausible enough. I mean, I didn’t want to pry too hard into the affairs of a stranger’s home life, but I’d been a bullied child myself, so I wanted to do something for him. Also, I just felt so bad for him, being bullied just for having green hair. Some of the bullying I’d experienced had been a result of stupid things I’d done. But not this kid. No amount of effort on his part could change how he’d been born. He’d been destined from birth to have mudballs pelted at him on the roadside just because his hair was a bit green. Ugh. Just thinking of it was enough to piss me off again. “Does your dad treat you nicely?” I asked. “Yeah. He’s scary when he’s mad, but he doesn’t get mad if I behave.” “And what about your mom?” “She’s nice.” 101Goldenagato | mp4directs.com Hmm. His tone of voice indicated that he was telling the truth. Then again, I couldn’t really know for sure without seeing for myself. “All right,” I said. “Let’s go, shall we?” “G-go where?” “Wherever it is you’re going.” Hey, stick with a kid, and his parents are bound to show up. That’s, like, a law of nature. “Wh-why are you coming with me?” “Well, those guys from before might come back. I’ll drive ’em off. Are you on your way home? Or are you taking that basket someplace?” “I’m, ah, delivering m-my dad’s lunch...” His father was a half-elf, yeah? When elves turned up in stories, they tended to be long-lived and isolationist people with haughty dispositions who looked down on other races. They were skilled with the bow and also with magic. Water and wind magic were their forte. Oh, and they had long ears, of course. Roxy had said, “That’s largely accurate, though they aren’t particularly isolationist.” Were the majority of elven men and women super-gorgeous in this world, too? No, no. Thinking of elves as all being super-gorgeous was a crass Japanese preconception. The elves in Western games had faces that were too angular and pointed and didn’t look particularly gorgeous at all. Guess Japanese otaku and foreign normies had different sensibilities. In the case of this boy here, though, it was a given that his parents were hot. “So, um...why...why are you...protecting me?” he asked haltingly, his mannerisms evoking more of that protective instinct in me. “My father told me that I should be an ally to the weak.” “But...the other kids might exclude you because of it...” Maybe so. It was a common story: getting bullied for helping out a victim of bullying. “If that happens, I’ll just play with you,” I said. “As of today, we’re friends.” 102Goldenagato | mp4directs.com “What?!” Our chips were in the same pile now. The chain of bullying grew when the person being helped turned on their helper instead of being grateful and repaying that kindness. Granted, the reason for this kid being victimized was rooted in something deeper than that, so I doubted he’d flip and side with the bullies. “Oh, are you usually too busy helping out around the house?” I asked. “N-no, not really...” He mustered a timid expression and a shake of the head. Man, he really did have quite the face. If you were a shota fangirl looking for a fix, he’d have you hooked on the spot. You know, this might work out nicely, him having a face like that. He was sure to draw in plenty of girls once he grew up, and if I stuck with him, the ones he didn’t pick might come my way. My own face wasn’t anything too special, but if you took two guys and stood them next to each other, the better one of them looked, the more ordinary-looking the other guy appeared. And so girls who were less confident in themselves were sure to try for me. Besides, I prefer a girl who’s a little unsure of herself as opposed to one who’s brimming with confidence. This could work. It was like how pretty girls kept ugly ones nearby so everyone would notice how pretty they were, but in reverse. “Oh, that’s right. I haven’t gotten your name yet. I’m Rudeus.” “I...I’m Sylph—” His voice was so quiet that it was hard to make out the second part. Sylph, huh? “That’s a nice name. Just like a spirit of the wind.” At that, Sylph’s face turned red, and he nodded. “Yeah.” *** Sylph’s father was a very attractive man. He had pointed ears and blond hair that almost glittered, and he was slender without lacking muscle definition. Certainly, he lived up to the name of half-elf, having inherited the best parts of both elf and human. 103Goldenagato | mp4directs.com He stood guard at a watchtower on the edge of the forest, a bow in one hand. “Father,” Sylph called. “I’ve brought your lunch.” “Ah, thank you, Phi, as always. Did you get bullied again today?” “I’m okay. Someone helped me out.” Sylph turned to look my way, and I bowed slightly. “Nice to meet you,” I said. “I’m Rudeus Greyrat.” “Greyrat? As in Paul Greyrat?” “Yes, sir. He’s my father.” “Ah, yes, I’ve heard of you! My, what a polite boy you are. Oh, you’ll have to forgive me. I’m Laws. I typically hunt in these forests.” Based on what I’d heard, this watchtower was set up as a lookout post to keep monsters from making it out of the forest, and was staffed by men from the village around the clock. Naturally, Paul was on the roster as well, which explained why Laws knew him. I’m sure they’d talked to one another about their respective children. “I know how my kid must look, but it’s just something from further back in our ancestry,” Laws said. “I do hope you’ll be friends with each other.” “Of course, sir. And even if Sylph was a Superd, it wouldn’t change my attitude one bit. I stake my father’s honor on it.” Laws let out a sound of astonishment. “Those are impressive words for a boy your age,” he said. “I’m kind of jealous that Paul has such a bright kid.” “Being good at things as a child doesn’t mean that person will keep being good at things as an adult,” I said. “You don’t need to be jealous now when there’s still time for Sylph to grow up.” I figured I should put in a nice word. “Heh. Now I see what Paul was talking about.” “What did my father say?” “That talking to you makes one feel like an underqualified parent.” While we were talking, I felt a tug at the hem of my shirt. I looked, and 104Goldenagato | mp4directs.com Sylph was clutching it, his head cast down. I guessed a grown-up conversation like this was boring for children. “Mr. Laws,” I asked, “can the two of us go play for a bit?” “Oh, yes, of course. Just don’t get too close to the forest.” Well, that went without saying. I felt like there should have been more ground rules than that. “On our way here, there was a hill with a big tree on top. I figured we’d go play around there. I promise Sylph will head back home before it gets dark. And once your kid gets home, could you look out in the direction of that hill? If it looks like I haven’t gone home, there’s a good chance something’s wrong. Could you please arrange a search if that happens?” After all, there weren’t any cell phones in this world. Establishing proper communication was important. It was impossible to avoid all potential trouble, but bouncing back quickly from problems was also important. This kingdom seemed fairly safe, but there was no telling where dangers might be lurking. With one look back at Laws, who was a bit dumbfounded, Sylph and I headed back for the tree on the hilltop. “So, what did you want to play?” I asked. “I’m not sure. I’ve...never played with a...a friend before.” Sylph struggled to get the word “friend” out. I supposed he really never had one before. I felt so bad for him...but I didn’t have friends, either. “Yeah,” I said, “Until recently I never really left the house myself. But anyway, what did you want to play?” Sylph wrung his hands together and gazed up at me. We were roughly the same height, but because he kept himself hunched over, he had to look up at me. “So, um, how come you keep changing the way you talk?” “Hm? Oh! Depending on who you’re talking to, it’s rude not to speak properly. You need to show deference to your elders.” “Def-er-ence?” “Like the way I was speaking to your father before.” “Hmm...” He sounded like he didn’t quite understand, but he’d get it 105Goldenagato | mp4directs.com eventually. That was part of growing up. “More importantly,” Sylph said, “could you teach me that thing you did earlier?” “What thing?” Sylph’s eyes glimmered to life. He postured and waved his hands as he explained: “Like when you made warm water go all sploosh from your hands, and when you made that nice warm wind like whoosh.” “Ah, yes. That.” The magic I’d used to clear away the mud. “Is it difficult?” “It’s difficult, but with training, anyone can do it. Probably.” Lately, my magical reserves had grown so much I wasn’t even sure how much I was expending, to say nothing of what the baseline was for people here. But then, this was just using fire to warm water. People probably couldn’t just up and conjure hot water without an incantation, but with Combined Magic, anyone could reproduce the effects. That’s why it was probably fine. Probably. “Okay then!” I announced. “Today, we’ll begin your training!” And so, Sylph and I played until the sun went down. *** When I got back home, Paul was furious. He stood imposingly in the entryway, hands set on his hips in an expression of his anger. I immediately tried to think of what I’d done wrong. The first thing that came to mind was that he’d discovered the precious panties that I’d secreted away. “Father, I’m home,” I said. “Do you know why I’m upset?” “I don’t.” First, I had to play dumb. I didn’t want to bring unnecessary trouble upon myself in the event my prized possession hadn’t been discovered. “Mr. Eto’s wife came by earlier and told me that you punched their 106Goldenagato | mp4directs.com boy, Somal.” Who the heck were Mr. Eto and Somal? The names didn’t ring a bell, so I had to think. I hadn’t had much interaction with the townsfolk beyond basic introductions. I’d given them my name and gotten theirs in return, but I couldn’t recall whether or not there had been an “Eto” among them. Wait. Hold on. “Was this today?” I asked. “Yes.” The only people I’d run into today were Sylph, Laws, and those three punks. Was Somal one of those three boys, then? “I didn’t punch him. All I did was throw some mud at him.” “Do you remember what it was I told you earlier?” “That men don’t get strong just to brag about it?” “That’s right.” Aha. Now I got it. Come to think of it, that kid had said something about how he was gonna let everyone know I was a demon-lover. I don’t know how that turned into him lying about me punching him, but either way, he was determined to badmouth me. “I’m not sure what you heard, Father, but—” “Oh, no you don’t!” Paul snapped. “When you’ve done something wrong, the first thing you do is apologize!” Whatever lie this kid had told, my dad had clearly bought it. Crap. At this point, even if I told the truth about me saving Sylph from those bullies, it’d just sound like an outright lie. Still, all I could do was explain what happened from the very beginning. “Okay, so I was walking down the road when—” “No excuses!” Paul grew even more irate. He had no intentions of hearing me out. I could have just said “sorry,” but I felt like that wasn’t going to be fair to Paul, either. I didn’t want him to make a habit of behaving like this with any younger brother or sister he might well make for me. This method of punishment wasn’t fair. I kept my mouth shut. 107Goldenagato | mp4directs.com “Why aren’t you saying anything?” Paul demanded. “Because if I do, you’re just going to yell at me not to make excuses.” Paul’s eyes narrowed. “What?” “Before a kid can even say anything, you yell at them and make them apologize. Everything is so quick and easy with you adults. Must be nice.” “Rudy!” Whap! A hot jolt of pain shot through my cheek. He hit me. I mean, I’d expected as much. Talk shit, get hit. That’s why I firmly held my ground. I probably hadn’t been hit in around twenty years. No—I’d gotten my ass beaten when I was kicked out of my house, so that made five years, I supposed. “Father, I have always put in the utmost effort to be a good son. Not once have I ever talked back to you or Mother, and I’ve always done my very best to do whatever you both tell me.” “That...that has nothing to do with this!” It didn’t look as though Paul had intended to strike me. There was a distinct look of consternation in his eyes. Whatever. That was good for me. “Yes, it does. I’ve always done my best to keep your mind at ease and to get you to trust me, Father. You didn’t listen to a word I said, and not only did you take the word of someone I don’t know and yell at me, you even raised your hand to me.” “But this Somal kid got hurt...” Hurt? That was news to me. Had I done that to him? If I had, maybe he was using it to sell his story. Well, too bad. I was justified in what I’d done. Assuming this whole thing about his being hurt wasn’t just some dumb lie anyway. “Even if it does wind up that it’s my fault he got hurt, I’m not going to apologize for it,” I said. “I didn’t go against anything you taught me, and I’m proud of what I did.” “Wait, hold on. What happened?” 108Goldenagato | mp4directs.com Oh, now he was suddenly curious? Hey, it was his own fault for deciding he wouldn’t listen to me. “What happened about not wanting to hear excuses?” Paul’s face twisted into a frown. It seemed I was close now. “Please don’t worry, Father. The next time I see three people going after someone who won’t fight back, I’ll ignore it. In fact, I’ll jump in so that it’s four on one. I’ll make sure that everyone around knows that the Greyrats take pride in bullying and ganging up on the weak. But once I grow up and leave home, I’ll never use the Greyrat name again. I’ll be too ashamed to let anyone know I belonged to a family so horrid they ignored actual violence and accepted verbal abuse.” Paul fell dead silent. His face turned red, then went pale, and there was conflict in his expression. Was he going to be mad? Or had I still not pushed him over the edge? You should quit while you’re ahead, Paul. I know I don’t look it, but I’ve spent over twenty years talking my way out of arguments I can’t win. If you had even one solid point to make, this might end in a draw, but justice is on my side this time. You don’t have any hope of winning this one. “I’m sorry,” Paul said, hanging his head. “I was wrong. Tell me what happened.” Yeah, see? Digging your heels in just makes things worse for the both of us. Remember, when you do something wrong, the first thing you do is apologize. Relieved, I explained the details of the situation as objectively as I could. I was making my way up the hill when I heard voices. There were three boys in an empty field pelting mud at another boy walking along the road. I hit them with mud once or twice until they backed down, and then they left while badmouthing me. Then, I used magic to clean the mud off the one boy, and we played together. “So, yeah,” I said, “if I’m going to apologize, this Somal kid needs to apologize to Sylph first. When you’re hurt physically, you’ll heal soon enough, but emotional hurt doesn’t go away so quickly.” Paul’s shoulders drooped despondently. “You’re right. I had this all wrong. I’m sorry.” 109Goldenagato | mp4directs.com When I saw that, I recalled what Laws had told me earlier: “Talking to you makes one feel like an underqualified parent.” Had Paul’s attempt at scolding me been him trying to show more of his paternal side? Well, if so, he’d lost this round. “You don’t need to apologize. In the future, if you think what I’ve done is wrong, by all means, scold me as you like. All I ask is that you hear me out first. There are going to be times when words don’t cut it, or where it’s just going to sound like I’m making excuses, but if I have something to say, please just try to see my side of things.” “I’ll keep that in mind. I mean, I don’t expect that you’ll be in the wrong in the first place, but—” “When I am, use that as a learning opportunity for disciplining whatever younger brother or sister you wind up giving me in the future.” “Yeah. I’ll do that,” Paul said self-deprecatingly. The man was clearly in poor spirits. Had I gone too far? I mean, losing an argument to your five-year-old son? That’d take the wind out of my sails for sure. I supposed he was a bit young to be a father. “By the way, Father, how old are you?” “Hm? I’m twenty-four.” “I see.” So, he would have been nineteen when he got married and had me? I didn’t know the average age for marriage in this world, but with things like monsters and war and such being an everyday occurrence, that sounded pretty appropriate. A man more than a decade my junior had gotten married, had a kid, and was now struggling with how to raise him. Given my thirty-four-year- history of indolent joblessness, you wouldn’t think I’d be able to outdo him at much of anything. Ah, well. “Father, could I bring Sylph over to play sometime?” “Hm? Oh, of course.” Satisfied with that response, I headed into the house with my father. I 110Goldenagato | mp4directs.com was glad he didn’t hold any prejudice against demons. Paul My son was angry. The boy had never been one to display much overt emotion, but here he was, silently fuming. How did it come to this? It started that afternoon, when Mrs. Eto came by our house, furious. She brought along her son Somal, considered one of the neighborhood brats. There was a blue bruise around one of his eyes. As a swordsman who’d seen my fair share of battle, I knew right away that he’d taken a punch. His mother’s story was long and rambling, but the gist was that my boy had punched hers. When I heard that, I was inwardly relieved. Ordinarily, I might have assumed my son had been playing outside, caught sight of Somal and his buddies playing, and tried to join them. But my boy wasn’t like other kids; he was already a Water Saint magician at his age. He’d probably said something high-and-mighty, the other kids had fired back, and then they’d all gotten into a fight. My boy was pretty clever and mature for his age, but he was still a kid, after all. Mrs. Eto continued to get red in the face and then went pale as she tried to make this out to be a major bust-up, when it was just a quarrel among children in the end. And just by looking, you could tell that her son’s injury wasn’t even going to leave a mark. I’d scold my boy, and that would be the end of it. Children were bound to get into scuffles that turned to blows at some point, but Rudeus was far more powerful than other children. Not only had he been the disciple of the young Water Saint, Roxy, I’d been training him since he was three. Any fight he got into was sure to be one-sided. Things had gone okay this time, but if he ever got too hot-headed, he might wind up overdoing it. A smart kid like Rudeus ought to be able to deal with someone like Somal without throwing a punch. I needed to teach him that punching someone was a rash thing to do, and he needed to give it more thought before resorting to it. 111Goldenagato | mp4directs.com I needed to give him a bit of a harsh scolding. That had been the plan, anyway. How did it go so wrong? My son had no intention of apologizing to me whatsoever. Rather, he looked at me like one might look at an insect. I’m sure that, from my son’s perspective, they were having a fight on equal footing. But when someone has powers like his, they need to be aware of how just how strong they are. Besides, he’d hurt someone. I needed him to apologize. He was a smart kid. He might not understand now, but I was sure he’d arrive at the right answer in due time. With that in mind, I took a firm tone to ask what had happened, only for him to respond with condescension and sarcasm. It galled me, and in the heat of the moment, I struck him. And here I was, trying to teach him a lesson about how people with power shouldn’t resort to violence against people weaker than them. I’d hit him. I knew I was in the wrong, but I couldn’t say that while trying to give my boy a lecture. I couldn’t tell him not to do what I’d done moments earlier myself. While I struggled with my rattled composure, my son implied he’d done nothing wrong, and even said that if I had a problem with that, he’d leave home. I almost told him right there to go ahead, go, but I managed to resist the urge. I had to. I was from a strict family myself, with an overbearing father who’d tear into me without giving me a fair shake. My resentment had grown to the point where we had a huge fight that ended with me storming out of the house. My father’s blood ran in my veins—the blood of a stubborn, unyielding curmudgeon. And it ran in Rudeus’s veins as well. Just look at how stubborn he could be. He was definitely my kid. When I was told to get out, I gave my old man some tit for tat and did exactly as he said. I might drive Rudeus off as well. He said he’d wait until he grew up before leaving home, but if I told him to get out right now, I bet he would. I was sure it was in his nature. I heard that, not long after I left, my father took ill and died. And I heard he regretted our big fight until the very end. And I was glad to hear it. 112Goldenagato | mp4directs.com No—if I’m being honest, I regretted it, too. If I told Rudeus to get out and he really did leave, I’d surely regret that, as well. I had to be patient. Hadn’t I learned from experience, after all? Besides, on the day my child was born, I decided that I would never be a father like mine. “You’re right. I had this all wrong. I’m sorry.” The apology came out naturally. Rudeus’s expression softened, and he went on to explain what happened. He told me that he came across Laws’s kid getting bullied and stepped in to help. Rather than punch anyone, he’d just tossed balls of mud. It could hardly be called a proper fight. If what Rudeus said was true, then what he’d done was a laudable thing, something he should be proud of. But instead of being praised for his actions, all he got was a father who wouldn’t listen and struck him instead. When I was young, my father did the same thing to me so many times, never listening to my side of things and always blaming me for not being a perfect son. Each time it happened, I felt so miserable and helpless. Well, whatever lesson I’d been trying to teach here, I’d failed. Ugh. But Rudeus didn’t blame me for it. He even consoled me in the end. He was a good kid. Almost too good. Was I even really his father? No—Zenith wasn’t the type to have an affair, and besides, there was no father good enough to produce a child like him. Man, I never expected my seed would bear such strong fruit. More than pride, though, what I felt was an ache in my gut. “Father, could I bring Sylph over to play sometime?” “Hm? Oh, of course.” For now, I could at least be happy that my son had made his first friend. 113Goldenagato | mp4directs.com Chapter 8: Obliviousness I was now six. My day-to-day life hadn’t changed much. Mornings, I worked on my sword training. In the afternoon, if I had time, I’d do some fieldwork, or practice magic under the tree on the hill. Recently, I’d been experimenting with ways to augment my swordsmanship with magic. I’d use a gust of wind to accelerate my sword’s swing, create a shockwave to quickly turn myself around, turn the ground to mud under an opponent’s feet and mire them in place, and the like. Some people might think that my swordplay wasn’t improving, since I was spending all my time on these little tricks, but I didn’t agree. There were two ways to get better at fighting games: keep practicing to improve, or find a different way to beat your opponent with your inferior skills. Right now, I was only thinking of the latter. Defeating Paul was the challenge at hand. Paul was a tough guy. He might have a ways to go in the parenting department, but as a swordsman, he was first-rate. If I were to focus on the first method, and hone my physique to an absurd degree, I was sure I could beat him someday. However, I was six years old. In ten years, I’d be sixteen, and Paul would be thirty-five. Five years after that, I’d be twenty-one, and he’d be forty. So, yeah, I could beat him someday, but by then, it wouldn’t mean anything. Defeating someone far older than you just got brushed off with claims of, “Oh, if this were back in my day...” Defeating Paul while he was still in his prime—that would mean something. Right now, he was twenty-five years old. He might have retired from the frontlines, but he was currently at his physical peak. I wanted to beat him at least once within the next five years. With the blade, if possible, but if that proved unfeasible, then at least in a close-combat situation where I could weave my magic into the mix. That was what I kept in mind as I headed out for my day’s training. 114Goldenagato | mp4directs.com *** Under the tree atop the hill, Sylph came by, as he usually did. “Sorry,” he said. “I hope I didn’t keep you waiting.” “Not at all,” I replied. “I just got here myself.” That’s how we’d start things off: like a couple, where one would wait for the other before we began. Back when we first started playing, Somal or some other local punks would come by. Sometimes older kids—school-aged or in their early teens— would be in the mix, but I drove them all off. Whenever I did, Somal’s mother would come by my house to yell at me. That’s when I figured out that Somal’s mother wasn’t so much invested in castigating children as she was fond of Paul. She was using scuffles between little kids as an excuse to come and see him. She was absurd. At the barest scratch, she’d march over to our place with her son in tow, which Somal didn’t seem too pleased with. So, yeah, he wasn’t faking injuries after all. Sorry for doubting him. I think they came after us about five times. Then, one day, they stopped coming our way altogether. Occasionally, we’d catch sight of them playing off in the distance, or we’d pass each other by, but neither side ever said anything. We’d apparently agreed to just ignore one another. With that, the issue seemed to be resolved, and the tree on top of the hill became our territory. *** Anyway, less about those punks and more about Sylph. What we referred to as “playing” was, in fact, magic training. If Sylph picked up a bit of spellcraft, he could fend off bullies by himself. In the beginning, Sylph was only able to cast five or six entry-level spells before getting short of breath, but a year had gone by, and his magical reserves had grown significantly. Now, he could train for half the day without an issue. 115Goldenagato | mp4directs.com I had very little belief in the idea that there were limits on a person’s magical reserves anymore. Still, there was work needed on the spells themselves. Sylph was especially poor with fire. He could handle wind and water magic quite deftly, but fire was his weak spot. I wondered why. Was it because he had elven blood? No, that wasn’t right. During my lessons with Roxy, I’d learned about “affinity schools” and “opposition schools.” As the names suggested, some people had an affinity for certain schools of magic, while other schools inherently gave them trouble. Once I asked Sylph if he was afraid of fire. He shook his head and said he wasn’t, but he showed me his palm, where he had a burn scar. When he was about three, he’d grabbed a metal skewer set over the hearth while his parents weren’t looking. “I’m not scared anymore,” he said, but I bet he still had some instinctual fear. Experiences like that had an impact on what became one’s opposition schools. With dwarves, for instance, water was a very common opposition school. Dwarves lived close to the mountains, and spent their childhoods playing in the dirt before following in their parents’ footsteps by learning blacksmithing or mining and the like, which made them naturally more adept with earth and fire. Up in the mountains, there was also the risk of geysers suddenly erupting and causing steam burns, or heavy rains drowning people in floods, so it was easy for water to become an opposition school. So, yeah, there wasn’t a direct relationship between magic and what race you were; it was more of an environmental thing. Incidentally, I didn’t have any opposition schools myself, due to my comfortable upbringing. You didn’t really need fire to create warm water or a warm breeze, but since trying to explain that concept was a pain, I had Sylph practice with fire as well. He had nothing to lose by being able to use it whenever he needed. For example, heat could be used to eradicate salmonella, so if you didn’t want to die of food poisoning, you needed to use a bit of fire. Though I guessed even Beginner-tier detoxification magic could neutralize most poisons. Despite his struggles, Sylph didn’t complain as he went through his 116Goldenagato | mp4directs.com training, probably because he wanted to back up his claims of not being afraid. He looked so cute with my wand (the one I’d gotten from Roxy) in one hand and my magic textbook (the one I brought from home) in the other, his face steeled in concentration as he chanted. And if a boy like me was thinking that, he was sure to be super-hot once he grew up. A father’s heart is a jealous heart... The words rang clearly in my head as if they’d been said aloud, but I quickly shook my head and banished the thought. This wasn’t a matter of jealousy. Besides, his being good-looking was part of my plan: Operation Hot Friend Bait. “Hey, Rudy?” Sylph asked. “What’s this word here?” His voice banished the song from my head. He was gazing up at me, pointing at one of the pages in A Textbook of Magic. And that look he was giving me was a powerful one. I wanted to just wrap my arms around him and pull him into a kiss. But I managed to resist the urge. “That says ‘avalanche.’” “What does it mean?” “When tremendous amounts of snow build up on a mountain, it can’t bear its own weight, and it all comes collapsing down. You know how when snow builds up on your roof it sometimes comes flumping off? It’s like a way bigger version of that.” “Oh, wow. That sounds incredible. Have you ever seen one?” “An avalanche? Of course I...haven’t.” Not outside of TV, anyway. Sylph had me read from A Textbook of Magic. This was also part of teaching him how to read and write. No harm in learning literacy. There was no spell in this world that could do that for you. The lower the literacy rate, the more valuable being able to read was. “I did it!” Sylph cheered. He’d managed to cast the Intermediate-tier water spell Ice Pillar. A shaft of water sprang from the ground, glinting brightly in the sunlight. “Hey, you’re getting pretty good,” I said. “Uh-huh!” Sylph replied, and then he tilted his head. “But there’s stuff 117Goldenagato | mp4directs.com you do that isn’t written in here, huh?” “Huh?” It took me a few moments to realize he was talking about that thing I’d done with the warm water. I flipped briskly through A Textbook of Magic, then pointed at two entries. “No, it’s written in here. Waterfall and Heat Hand.” “Hm?” “I used both at the same time.” “Huh?” Sylph inclined his head even further. “How can you chant two things at the same time?” Crap. I’d given myself away. He was right, of course, it was impossible to chant two incantations at once. “Uh, well, you create the Waterfall without doing the incantation and use Heat Hand to warm it up. I think you could chant one of the spells if you wanted, and you could also put the water into a bucket and then heat it up after.” I then demonstrated casting both spells without the incantations. Sylph watched me with wide eyes. Silent spellcasting was clearly a very high-level technique in this world. Roxy wasn’t able to do it, and I’d heard that only one of the instructors at the University of Magic was capable of it. Sylph was better off using Combined Magic than trying the no-incantations route. I figured that would let someone achieve very similar effects without having to do something so difficult. “Hey, teach me how to do that,” Sylph said. “How to do what?” “How to do magic without saying anything.” Apparently, Sylph had a different opinion from me. Maybe he saw the ability to do something in one go as better than alternating between two spells? Hmm. I supposed that if teaching him that wound up being futile, he could just use Combined Magic, anyway. “Right. So, you know the feeling you get when you’re going through the incantation for a spell? That feeling throughout your body that collects in your fingertips? Try doing that without saying the incantation. Once you feel like you’ve got the magical energy gathered up, let the spell you want to cast come to your mind and then force it out through your hands. Try to do 118Goldenagato | mp4directs.com something like that. Start with something like Waterball.” I hoped that got the point across. I wasn’t good at explaining things. Sylph closed his eyes and began muttering and murmuring as he did a weird, wriggly little dance. Trying to convey something you did through feelings was really hard. Silent incantation was something you did in your head; different people probably had different methods that worked for them. Figuring that fundamentals were important, I’d had Sylph use incantations the entire past year. Maybe the more you used incantations, the harder it was to go without. It’d be like trying to use your left hand to do something you’d always done with your right; suddenly being told to switch was easier said than done. “I did it! Rudy, I did it!” Okay. Maybe not, then. Sylph beamed with pride after managing to conjure a series of Waterballs. He’d been using incantations before, but it had only been a year, I suppose. I guessed this was like removing the training wheels from a bicycle. Perhaps it was a matter of youthful perspicacity? Or maybe Sylph had an innate talent? “Good! Now, try casting the spells you’ve learned so far without chanting the incantations.” “Okay!” Besides, if he was able to skip the incantation part, it would make it easier for me to teach him. I’d just be able to explain things the way I already did them myself. I felt a few drops of rain. “Hm?” I looked up and saw that, at some point, the sky had been overtaken by a dark bank of rainclouds. A moment later, the rain started pelting down. Normally, I watched the skies to make sure we’d be able to get home before it started raining, but today I’d been distracted by Sylph’s learning silent spellcasting, and I’d slipped up. “Oh, wow. This is some pretty bad rain,” I said. “Rudy, I know you can make it rain, but can you also make it stop?” “I can, but we’re already soaking wet, and without rain, the crops aren’t going to grow. I make a point not to mess with the weather unless it’s 119Goldenagato | mp4directs.com going to cause problems.” We were already off and running by then. Since Sylph’s house was too far away, we made for the Greyrat estate. *** “I’m home!” I called out. “Uh, h-hello,” Sylph added. Our maid, Lilia, was standing just inside, waiting with a large cloth in hand. “Welcome back, young Master Rudeus, and your...friend,” she said. “I’ve already drawn some warm water for you. Please wash up and dry off on the second floor so that you don’t catch a cold. The lord and lady of the house will be home soon, so I’ll go get ready to tend to them. Will you be all right on your own?” “Yes, I’ll be fine,” I said. Lilia must have seen the downpour and expected I’d come home soaking wet. She was a woman of few words, and didn’t speak to me very much, but she was quite the talented maid. I didn’t have to explain anything; she took one look at Sylph’s face, headed back into the house, and came back with another large cloth for him. The two of us took off our shoes, then dried off our heads and our bare feet before heading upstairs. Entering my room, I saw that a bucket filled with warm water had been set out. In this world, we didn’t have showers, or bathtubs even, so this was how we cleaned up. According to Roxy, there were hot springs where people could bathe, but as someone who wasn’t fond of bathing in the first place, this method was fine by me. I undressed until I was fully naked, and then saw Sylph fidgeting awkwardly, his face blushing bright red. “What’s the matter?” I asked. “You need to get out of your clothes or you’ll catch a cold.” “Huh? Oh, y-yeah...” But still, he didn’t move. Was he shy about getting naked in front of someone? Or maybe he’d never undressed himself before? I mean, he was only six. “Here,” I said, “lift 120Goldenagato | mp4directs.com up both your hands.” “Um, okay.” I helped Sylph lift his hands overhead, then peeled off his sopping wet coat, exposing his stark white skin, along with his lack of muscular definition. I reached for his lower garments next, but he grabbed hold of my arm. “N-no, not that,” he muttered. Was he embarrassed about me seeing him? I was like that, too, when I was little. Back in kindergarten, we’d have to get naked and shower when it was time to swim in the pool, but it was always a little awkward being exposed to people in the same age bracket. In any case, Sylph’s hand was freezing. He really was going to catch a cold if we didn’t hurry. I grabbed his trousers and forcefully pulled them down. “H-hey, stop it...” he squeaked, hitting me on the head as I took hold of his baggy children’s underpants. I looked up and he was gazing fixedly down at me, tears in his eyes. “I promise I’m not going to laugh,” I assured him. “Th-that’s not—erf!” He was being quite obstinate. In all the time I’d known him, Sylph had never so staunchly refused to do something. I was a little shocked. Did elves maybe have some rule about not being seen naked? If that was the case, trying to forcibly strip him was a bad call. “All right, all right,” I said. “Just make sure to change after we’re done. Wet underpants are pretty gross, and once they get cold, you’ll wind up with stomach problems.” I removed my hands, and Sylph gave me a teary-eyed nod. “Mmf...” He was so cute. I wanted to get even closer to this adorable boy. And as I thought that, my mischievous streak suddenly sprang to the fore. After all, it was hardly fair that I was the only one naked. “Gotcha!” I snatched hold of his underwear with my hands, then yanked them down in one fell swoop. Come to me, Zenra Pendulum! 121Goldenagato | mp4directs.com 122Goldenagato | mp4directs.com Sylph shrieked. A moment later, he squatted and curled up into himself to hide his body from sight—but in that moment, what flashed before my eyes was not the pure short sword to which I’d grown recently accustomed; nor, naturally, was it a dark blade bearing ominous sigils. No, what was there—rather, what wasn’t there—was, well, replaced by something that shouldn’t have been there. It was something I’d seen many times over in my past life, on my computer monitor. Sometimes it was covered with a pixelated mosaic; other times it was uncensored. I’d stare, always thinking about how much I wanted to lick and be inside the real thing someday, my dark lust inevitable causing my white cannon to hit the mark on a handful of tissues. One of those. That’s what Sylph had. He...was a she. My vision went white. What I’d just done was not okay at all. *** “Rudeus, what are you doing?” I came to my senses to see Paul standing there. When had he gotten home? Had he come into the room because he’d heard Sylph cry out? I stood petrified; Paul did likewise. There was Sylph, hunched and curled up, naked and sobbing. There I was, also naked, with her underpants clutched in my hand. There was no talking my way out of this one. It was raining just outside, but it sounded so very far away. Paul I came home after work to find my son assaulting the young girl that he always liked spending time with. 123Goldenagato | mp4directs.com I wanted to tear into him on the spot, but I managed to stay level. Maybe this was another case where there were circumstances I wasn’t aware of. I didn’t want to repeat my previous failure. For now, I decided to put the sobbing girl in the care of my wife and the maid while I helped my son clean up and dry off. “Why were you doing something like that?” I asked. “I’m sorry.” When I’d scolded him a year earlier, he seemed completely unwilling to apologize, but now the apology came right out and he turned meek, shriveling up like sautéed spinach. “I asked you for a reason,” I said. “Well, they were soaking wet. I figured I should take them off.” “But she didn’t like that, did she?” “No...” “I told you to be nice to girls, didn’t I?” “You did. I’m sorry.” Rudeus had no excuse for himself. I wondered if I’d been the same at his age. I felt like whatever I might have said would have been full of “buts” and “you sees.” I’d had an excuse for everything when I was a kid. My son was more honest than that. “Well, I suppose that, at your age, it’s natural to want to pick on girls, but you can’t do that.” “I know. I’m sorry. I won’t do it again.” Something about seeing my boy so utterly dejected made me feel guilty. That fondness for women came from me. When I was little, I was full of youthful vigor and virility, and incessantly chased after cute girls who caught my eye. I managed to keep myself more subdued these days, but I really couldn’t restrain myself in the past. Maybe I’d passed that on to my son. Of course an intellectual boy like him would struggle with these instincts. How hadn’t I noticed it? But no— this wasn’t the time to sympathize with him. I needed to give him proper guidance based on my experiences. 124Goldenagato | mp4directs.com “Don’t apologize to me,” I said. “You need to apologize to Sylphiette. Right?” “Is Sylph...iette going to forgive me?” “You don’t apologize just because you hope to be forgiven right away.” At this, my boy looked even more despondent. In hindsight, it was clear he’d been infatuated with the girl from the very beginning. The whole fuss from a year ago was because he’d decided to protect her. And all he’d gotten for it was a smack from his old man. Even after that, they’d played together almost every day, my son protecting her from the other kids. He had to keep up with both sword and magic training, but still made as much time for her as he could. He was so close to her that I think he even offered to give her his wand and magic textbook, which he valued more than anything. I understood why he was feeling so glum at the idea that she might hate him now. I’d dealt with similar rejection in my day. “Hey, it’ll be all right,” I said. “If you’ve never been mean to her before this, and if your apology comes from the heart, I’m sure she’ll forgive you.” My son’s face brightened at that, if only a tiny bit. He was a smart kid; he’d messed up this time, but he’d recover from it soon enough. Hell, maybe he’d find a way to turn this around completely and win her heart. It was both a promising and foreboding prospect. Rudeus stood up from the bath, looked to Sylphiette, and opened with: “I’m sorry, Sylphie. Your hair’s short, and so I thought you were a boy this whole time!” I’d always thought our son was perfect, but maybe he was a lot dumber than I’d thought. And that was the first time I’d ever thought that. Rudeus After a lot of apologies, compliments, and reassurances, I got her to 125Goldenagato | mp4directs.com forgive me somehow. Since it turned out Sylph was a girl, I figured I’d call her “Sylphie” from now on. Apparently, her full name was Sylphiette? Paul looked at me as if he were dumbfounded by how I ever mistook such a cute little thing for a boy. But I never expected Sylphie would actually turn out to be a girl. I suppose it really wasn’t my fault. When we first met, her hair was shorter than mine. Like, not cut “fashionably” short or anything, but also not so short that she looked like a monk or something. She’d also never dressed in anything that looked like girls’ clothing—just a plain shirt and trousers. If she’d worn a skirt, I wouldn’t have made that mistake. Okay. I needed to calm down and think. She’d been getting bullied because of the color of her hair. Maybe that was why she’d cut it so short— so it wouldn’t stand out as much. And if bullies came after her, her only option was to run fast as she could, which would explain why she wore trousers instead of a skirt. Sylphie’s family didn’t seem particularly well-off, so after making her a pair of trousers, they probably couldn’t afford to make her a skirt, too. If I’d met her three years from now, I wouldn’t have mistaken her for a boy. I only thought she was a cute boy because of my own preconceptions, not because she was androgynous or anything like that. Like, if she’d— No, enough with that. Anything I said now would just be an excuse. Learning that Sylphie was a girl changed my attitude. Seeing her in her boyish getup made me feel kind of weird. “You’re really cute, Sylphie,” I said. “Maybe you should try growing your hair out?” “Huh?” I figured it’d be easier for me to see her in a new light if she changed her appearance, hence the suggestion. Sylphie may have hated her hair, but that emerald green color would look dazzling in the sunlight. I definitely wanted her to try growing it out—and, if possible, for her to style it in either pigtails or a ponytail. “No...” she said. 126Goldenagato | mp4directs.com Ever since that incident, Sylphie had been wary of me. In particular, she conspicuously avoided physical contact. Since she always went along with whatever I’d proposed, I was kind of shocked. “All right,” I said. “Did you want to practice some more silent spellcasting today?” “Sure.” I forced a smile to mask my feelings. Sylphie was my only friend. At least we could still play together. There might be some lingering awkwardness, but at least we were still hanging out together. For today, I told myself, that would be good enough. *** My skills, according to this world’s standards, were as follows: Swordplay Sword God Style: Beginner; Water God Style: Beginner Attack Magic Fire: Advanced; Water: Saint; Wind: Advanced; Earth: Advanced Healing Magic Healing: Intermediate; Detoxification: Beginner Healing magic was divided into the same seven ranks as usual, and comprised four schools: Healing, Protection, Detoxification, and Divine Strike. But these schools didn’t come with cool-sounding titles like Fire Saint or Water Saint; you were simply called a Saint-tier Healing caster, or a Saint- tier Detoxification caster. Healing magic, as the name implied, was used to heal injuries. 127Goldenagato | mp4directs.com Beginners would expend most of their effort simply to close up wounds, but it was said that people at the Imperial level could regrow lost limbs. But not even someone at the Divine level could bring a dead creature back to life. Detoxifying magic helped to purge poisons and disease. At higher levels, one could create toxins, craft antidotes, and the like. Spells that dealt with abnormal status effects were all Saint-level or higher, and were apparently quite difficult. Protection magic included spells to increase one’s defenses and create barriers. In simple terms, it was a form of support magic. I wasn’t too clear on the details, but my understanding was that it included things like increasing your metabolism to heal minor wounds, or generating chemicals in the brain to numb you to pain. Roxy couldn’t use that kind of magic. Spells in the Divine Strike school were apparently very effective at doing damage to ghost-type monsters and wicked demons, but such spells were the secret purview of human Priest Warriors. Not even the University of Magic taught this school. Roxy couldn’t use this kind, either. I’d never seen a ghost before, but apparently, they existed in this world? It was rather inconvenient that you couldn’t silently cast a spell without understanding the theory behind it. Elemental Attack magic, for instance, worked on scientific principles. I wasn’t sure what principles, if any, applied to other spell types. I knew magic was like some kind of all-powerful element, but I didn’t know how to rework it into doing just anything. Take psychokinesis, for example: the ability to make objects float and come to your hand and all that stuff. Even if I thought that was something that could be reproduced with magic, I had no way of finding out how to reproduce the effect, since I’d never had psychic powers. In the same vein, I remembered very, very little about how wounds healed, so I didn’t think I could do Healing magic without incantations. If I had a doctor’s know-how, I bet it would be a different story. Beyond that, though, I was pretty sure I could reproduce most other effects through spells. Hey, maybe if I’d participated in sports, I’d have been better at my swordplay. In retrospect, maybe I had wasted way too much of my past life. 128Goldenagato | mp4directs.com No. It wasn’t a waste. Sure, I didn’t have a job or go to school, but it wasn’t like I’d spent the whole time hibernating. I’d immersed myself in all sorts of video games and hobbies while everyone else was busy with things like studying or working. And all the knowledge, experience, and perspectives I’d gained from those games would be useful in this world. Or, well, they ought to be. They hadn’t really been, so far. *** One day, I was outside doing sword training with Paul when I unwittingly let out a loud sigh. I thought my father would be angry with me for being so obviously out of breath, but he flashed a grin instead. “Hehehe. What’s the matter, Rudy?” he asked. “Feeling down because Sylphiette doesn’t like you?” That wasn’t what I’d sighed about, though. Granted, Sylphie was one of the things weighing on my mind. “Well, yeah. Sword practice isn’t going so well, Sylphie is mad at me —yeah, I sighed.” Paul grinned again and thrust his wooden practice sword into the ground. He leaned against it and looked directly at me. Oh, please tell me he’s not about to make fun of me... “Want some advice from your dad?” I hadn’t expected that. I thought about it some. Paul— my dad—was a popular guy with the ladies. Zenith was definitely what you’d call beautiful, plus there was the whole thing with Mrs. Eto. Sometimes he’d touch Lilia’s butt, and the look on her face suggested she didn’t mind at all. He had to have something: some way to keep girls from hating you. Granted, Paul was more the kind of person who acted on intuition, so I wasn’t sure I’d understand him, but if nothing else, it’d be food for thought. “Yes, please,” I told him. “Hmm. How to put this...?” 129Goldenagato | mp4directs.com “Should I go and lick her boots?” “No, that’s—wow, you got all servile all of a sudden.” “If you don’t tell me, I’ll let Mother know how you were making eyes at Lilia.” “This is a very high-pressure situ—whoa, hey! You saw that?” Paul balked. “Okay, okay. I’m sorry for acting high-and-mighty.” I’d only mentioned Lilia to bait the conversation into going my way, but...was he actually having an affair? I mean, if he was, then hey, whatever. That was all part and parcel of being a ladies’ man. I’d have to ask him how to play the part properly. “Listen, Rudy,” he said. “So, about women...” “Yeah?” “They like things about men that make them strong, but they also like some of our softer aspects.” “Ohh.” I’d heard as much before. Did that have something to do with maternal instincts or whatever? “Now, you’ve only been showing Sylphiette the things that make you strong, haven’t you?” “Maybe? I haven’t really noticed one way or the other.” “Think about it,” Paul said. “If someone clearly stronger than you came at you with their intentions for you on full display, how would you feel?” “Scared, I guess?” “Exactly.” I could only assume he was talking about what had happened on that day—the day I’d learned “he” was a she. “That’s why you need to show her your softer aspects, too. Use your strengths to protect her, and she’ll protect your weaknesses. That’s how you keep a relationship going.” “Ohh!” That was simple to understand! I didn’t think a vague guy like Paul was capable of such an explanation! You couldn’t just be strong, but you also couldn’t just be weak. Only by being a little of both could you pull in the girls. 130Goldenagato | mp4directs.com “But how do I show her where I’m weak?” I asked. “That’s simple. You’re worried about stuff right now, aren’t you?” “Yeah.” “Take what you’re bottling up and share it with Sylphiette. Say ‘I’ve got a lot of stuff wearing me down, and having you avoid me is making me worry,’ or something along those lines.” Paul flashed a broad grin. It was an unsettling look. “If things go well, she’ll bridge the gap. She might even console you. So, cheer up. You’ve got a friend who’ll make things right with you. Anybody would be happy with that.” “Aha!” Now I got it! I could use my attitude to control other people’s emotions. Of course “B-but, wait, what if things don’t work out?” “If that happens, come to me. I’ll teach what you do next.” Wait, this was a multi-stage plan? This guy was a total schemer! “Oh, okay. I get it. Anyway, I’ll be back!” “Good luck!” Paul said, with a wave of his hand. Unable to wait any longer, I dashed off. As I left, I could’ve sworn I heard him say one final thing. “What the hell did I just teach my six-year-old son?” *** I got to our spot under the tree earlier than usual, so Sylphie hadn’t shown up yet. I’d brought my wooden practice sword, as always, but I hadn’t cleaned up before heading out like I usually did, so I was all sweaty. What should I do? There was nothing to be done, really. Times like this, I just had to do mental exercises. I swung my sword around as I ran through some simulations in my head. I’d shown her my strengths. Now I had to show my weaknesses. Weakness. How was I supposed to do that again? Ah, right—let her see that I was feeling down. But how? When was the right time? Should I just come out with it right away? That seemed like it’d be weird. Should I try to work it into the flow of the conversation? Could I do that, though? No—I would. 131Goldenagato | mp4directs.com Caught up with thinking about this while idly swinging my sword, I must have loosened my grip, because the sword slipped right out of my hand. “Whoops!” I followed its path as it skittered along the ground, landing right at Sylphie’s feet. My mind went completely blank. Crap! What should I do? What should I say?! “What’s the matter, Rudy?” Sylphie was staring at me, her eyes wide. What was the matter? Was it because I’d shown up super early? “Uhh...hmm...well... Y-you’re... You’re really cute, and I, err... wanted to see you, but, uh...” “No, not that. The sweat.” “Hmff... Ahh... S-sweat? Whaddya mean?” I approached, causing her to flinch and recoil. As usual, she wouldn’t let me get within a certain distance of her. It was like we were the same poles of two different magnets. Sweat dripped off my forehead. My breathing leveled out. Good. I reached down to pick up the wooden sword in dejection, then struck a remorseful pose, facing away from her. I allowed my shoulders to slump, and let out a heavy sigh. “Man. I feel like you’re really cold lately, Sylphie.” For a few moments, there was silence. Had I done okay? Did I do it right, Paul? Should I have made myself even more vulnerable? Or was I being too obvious? “Ah!” Suddenly, something grabbed my hand from behind. The sensation was warm and soft, and I looked to see Sylphie there. Oho! She was close. Sylphie hadn’t gotten this close to me in a long while. Paul! I did it! “You know, Rudy, you’ve been acting really strange recently,” she said, her face a touch lonesome as she said it. That snapped me back to my senses. I mean, she was right. She didn’t need to say it for me to know that I hadn’t been treating her the same way I had before. From Sylphie’s perspective, this change must have come completely out of nowhere. As sudden a switch as the moment a young 132Goldenagato | mp4directs.com woman who’s looking for marriage prospects discovers you’ve got a fair bit of money. I wasn’t acting like this because I enjoyed it. But how else was I supposed to deal with her? I couldn’t well treat her the same way I had before. There was no way I wouldn’t be nervous around a cute girl like her. A cute, young girl around my age. I hadn’t the foggiest how to be friends with someone like that. If I’d been an adult, or Sylphie more grown up, I could have used my knowhow of adult visual novels. If she were a boy, I could have leveraged the experiences from my past life when my brother was younger. If I’d been an adult, or Sylphie more grown up, I could have gotten by with my knowledge of adult dating sims. But she was a girl my age. And sure, I’d played games where you could romance girls around her age, but besides, that wasn’t even the sort of relationship I wanted with her. We were both way too young. Well, for the time being, anyway. I definitely had high hopes for the future! All that aside, this was a girl who had been bullied. Back when I’d been bullied, I didn’t have anyone on my side. So, I wanted to be there for her. Boy or girl—it didn’t matter. That much hadn’t changed. Still, treating her the same way was just too hard. I was a boy, and I wanted to forge a good relationship with a cute girl. But, like, for later on! Ugh. I just didn’t know what to do. Maybe I should have asked Paul about this, too. “I’m sorry,” Sylphie said. “But Rudy, I don’t hate you.” “S-Sylphie...” I must have had a pathetic look on my face, because she patted my head. Then, Sylphie flashed me a wonderful, carefree smile. It was so soft. I was moved almost to the point of tears. I had clearly been in the wrong, but she was the one who’d apologized. I took her hand and gripped it tightly in mine. Her face blushed red with surprise even as she gazed at me and said, “So, could you please just act 133Goldenagato | mp4directs.com normal?” Those upturned eyes of hers added weight to her words. Hidden away within me was the power I needed to make this decision. And so, I did. That’s right. What she hoped for was normalcy. A relationship the same as the one we’d always had. So, to the best of my ability, I would treat her normally, and do my best not to frighten or fluster her. In other words...I would become one of them. I supposed I might as well. It was time to be an oblivious protagonist. 134Goldenagato | mp4directs.com Chapter 9: Emergency Family Meeting Zenith had learned she was pregnant. I was going to have a little brother or sister. Our family was growing. Oh, Rudy, you lucky guy! For a few years now, Zenith had been worried about her inability to conceive another child. I’d heard her mutter and sigh on occasion about how maybe she couldn’t bear children anymore, but about a month earlier, there was a shift in her food cravings, along with nausea, vomiting, and a general sense of fatigue—in other words, symptoms of classic morning sickness. The feelings were familiar, and a trip to the doctor confirmed that her self- diagnosis was almost certainly correct. The Greyrat household was abuzz at the announcement. What will we name the baby if it’s a boy? What will we name it if it’s a girl? We still have rooms, right? Oh, we can use Rudy’s old clothes and hand-me-downs. There was no end to the topics to be discussed. It was a day of bubbling joy and countless smiles. I was honestly very happy, hoping that I’d wind up with a little sister. A younger brother might break all of my precious things (with a baseball bat). The problems didn’t arise until about a month later. *** Our maid, Lilia, had discovered that she was pregnant, as well. “I’m so sorry,” she announced matter-of-factly to the family as we sat at the table. “I’m pregnant.” In that instant, the Greyrat family froze. Who was the father? But, given the circumstances, nobody could bring themselves to ask. Everyone had realized it on some level at least. Lilia was our maid. She sent almost all of her pay back home to her family. Unlike Paul, who frequently headed into town to help settle problems, or Zenith, who helped 135Goldenagato | mp4directs.com out at the local clinic at certain times, Lilia almost never left the house unless it was on work-related duties, and nobody had heard rumors about her developing an especially close relationship with anyone. Perhaps it had been a casual fling? I knew the truth, though. Ever since Zenith had gotten pregnant, Paul had been forced to go without sex. And he was an especially lustful man who’d been sneaking into Lilia’s room in the middle of the night. If I’d been an actual kid, I would have thought they were just playing cards or something. Unfortunately, I knew all too well what was really going on. They weren’t playing any game of Old Maid; there was playing around, and there was a maid involved, but this was no mere round of cards. Still, I wish they’d been more careful. Which is probably what both of them were thinking, too. Hello, boys and girls! The phrase of the day is “You can do it!” Today we’ll be learning all about the importance of contraception! Part of me wanted to say that to Paul with a completely deadpan face, but I wasn’t sure if the concept of contraception was even a thing in this world. And obviously it wasn’t like I wanted to tear the whole family apart by spilling the beans. Also, if I messed with the maid, I was pretty sure she’d never forgive me. Besides, I owed Paul for helping me through that incident with Sylphie. I’d let this one slide. Being a guy who all the chicks were hot for seemed tough. If they suspected him, I’d cover for him. Heck, I’d lie to give him an alibi if I had to. Having come to that decision, I looked over at Paul, letting him know with my eyes that he had nothing to worry about. At the same time, however, Zenith shot a look right over at Paul, her shocked assumption plain on her face. Conveniently enough, our gazes both fell upon Paul as one, bearing down on him. “Uh, sorry,” he blurted. “This child is, uh...probably mine.” Good grief. Really? Well, no; I suppose I should commend the man for 136Goldenagato | mp4directs.com being honest. Seeing as how he constantly told me to “be honest” and “be a real man” and “be sure to protect women” and “never impugn your sense of honor” and other high-and-mighty stuff like that day in and day out, the least he could do was practice what he preached. Well, whatever. I couldn’t say I hated him for it. Anyway, this really was the worst-case scenario. That sentiment solidified as I watched Zenith draw herself up to her full height, her face livid, her hand rising into the air. And thus was convened an emergency family meeting, with Lilia included. *** It was Zenith who first broke the silence. She had the authority in this meeting. “So, what are we going to do?” From what I could see, she was as calm as anything. Instead of going into a fit of hysterics over how her husband had cheated on her, she’d contented herself with a single smack. A red mark like a maple leaf spread across Paul’s cheek. “After I’ve assisted with the lady of the house’s birth,” Lilia said, “I assume I would take my leave from your home.” She seemed rather composed, too. Maybe this was a common occurrence in this world? The maid becomes her employer’s mistress; if people object, she just leaves the house. A pitiful story like that would normally turn me on, but under the circumstances, I didn’t so much as twitch. I still had principles. Unlike Paul. Paul was all huddled up in a corner. So much for paternal dignity. “What about the child?” Zenith asked. “I was thinking I would give birth here in Fittoa, and then raise the baby back in my hometown,” Lilia replied. “You’re originally from the south, yes?” 137Goldenagato | mp4directs.com “That’s right.” “You’re going to be physically exhausted after the birth,” Zenith said. “You’ll be in no condition to make a long journey.” “Perhaps so, but I have nowhere else to turn.” The Fittoa Region was in the northeastern part of the Asura Kingdom. Based on my understanding, to reach what was considered “the south” in this context took close to a month and required switching between multiple stagecoaches. Still, that was a month traveling through safe lands with good weather, and riding in stagecoaches wasn’t terribly arduous. That, however, was for a typical traveler. Lilia had no money. She couldn’t afford to ride on stagecoaches, and would have go on foot. Even if the Greyrats paid for her travel expenses, that didn’t make it any less risky. She’d be a woman, traveling by herself, having recently given birth. If I were a bad guy and spotted her, what would I do? I would attack her. She was an obvious sitting duck, practically begging for someone to take a shot at her. Take the child hostage, keep the mother distracted with empty promises. Meanwhile, take all her money and possessions. I’d gathered that slavery was a thing in this world, so in the end, I’d sell off both mother and child, and that would be that. Even if people said that the Asura Kingdom was the safest nation in the world, that didn’t mean it was completely devoid of evildoers. I bet there was still a high likelihood of them being attacked. And like Zenith had said, there was also the physical aspect to consider. Even if Lilia did have the stamina to make it, what about the child? Could a newborn handle a month-long journey like that? Probably not. Of course, if Lilia didn’t survive the journey, neither would the child. Even if she simply fell ill, if she didn’t have money to see a doctor, she was done for. I suddenly had the mental image of Lilia lying dead in the midst of a blizzard, baby cradled in her arms. I, for one, didn’t want to see her suffer that sort of fate. “Dear,” Paul started to stay, “surely she could just sta—” “You keep your mouth shut!” Zenith snapped, cutting him off. He shrank like a scolded child. This was definitely one instance where 138Goldenagato | mp4directs.com he had no right to speak. Paul was useless here. Zenith chewed on her nails with a look of consternation. She was clearly conflicted as well. She didn’t want Lilia to suffer; on the contrary, the two were quite good friends. Considering how they’d spent the last six years running this household together, it was probably fair to say they were best friends. Well, except for the part about how Lilia was now carrying Paul’s child. If Lilia had gotten pregnant because she was raped in some back alley, Zenith would have unquestionably sheltered her, and allowed her to—no, she would have insisted she raise the child in our home. Based on the conversation, I surmised that abortion wasn’t easily accessible in this world. Zenith appeared to be grappling with two separate emotions: her fondness for Lilia and her feelings of betrayal. Considering the circumstances, I thought Zenith was pretty incredible for being able to set aside her emotions about the latter. If I were her, I’d have given in to jealousy. The fact that Zenith was able to keep her cool seemed connected to Lilia’s own attitude; she hadn’t tried to talk her way out of anything, and had taken full responsibility for betraying a household she’d served for so long. If you asked me, though, it was Paul who ought to be taking responsibility here. It was weird to lay the blame solely on Lilia. Very, very weird. I couldn’t allow us to part on such weird terms. I decided that I was going to help Lilia. I was indebted to her. We didn’t do very much together, and she hardly ever talked to me, but she’d always been there, helping out. She set aside a towel for me to wipe away the sweat when I was practicing my swordplay; she drew me a bath when I got caught in the rain; she fetched me blankets on chilly nights; she rearranged the shelves when I put a book back in the wrong space. But most importantly, more than anything else— 139Goldenagato | mp4directs.com She knew about my treasured panties and had kept silent about it. Yes, Lilia knew about those. This happened back when I still thought Sylphie was a boy. It had been raining, and so I was up in my room reading and reviewing my botanical encyclopedia when Lilia came in and started to clean up. I was so engrossed in reading that I didn’t notice when her cleaning took her close to my secret hiding place on the shelf. By the time I did realize, it was too late; Lilia already had my precious panties in her hand. I’d been so stupid. For nearly twenty years I’d been a complete shut-in, leaving my stuff scattered around, unconcerned about anyone else stumbling across it. I even had my folder for porn right on my desktop. Maybe my skill for hiding things had gotten rusty because of that, but I hadn’t expected my stuff would be found this easily. I’d actually done a pretty decent job of hiding it, too! Was this a superpower that maids had? Deep inside myself, I’d felt something start to crumble. I could hear the blood beginning to drain from my head. The questioning began. Lilia asked, “What are these?” I replied, “Yeah, what are those? Ahahahahahah.” Lilia said, “They smell.” I replied, “Y-yeah, I think it’s maybe like sesame oil or something like that maybe, yeah?” Lilia asked, “Whose are these?” I replied, “I’m sorry...they’re Roxy’s.” Lilia asked, “Shouldn’t you have them laundered?” I replied, “Oh, no, don’t wash them!” Lilia wordlessly returned my prized panties back to their sacred hiding place. Then, as I quivered in fear, she left the room. That evening, I braced myself for the inevitable family meeting— except it never came. I spent the long night shuddering fearfully in my futon, but even when morning came, there was nothing. She hadn’t told anyone. I owed it to her to repay that debt. 140Goldenagato | mp4directs.com *** “Mother?” I asked, keeping my tone as childlike as I could. “How come everyone’s acting so glum about how I’m going to have two new siblings at once?” I wanted to give off the naïve impression of: Hey, if Lilia’s pregnant, that means our family’s getting even bigger! Hooray! Why’s everyone so upset about that? “Because your father and Lilia did something they shouldn’t have,” Zenith said with a sigh, an unfathomable rage mixed in with those words. But it wasn’t directed at Lilia; Zenith knew full well who bore the brunt of the blame here. “Oh, I see,” I said. “But is Lilia allowed to go against Father’s wishes?” “What do you mean by that?” Zenith asked. This wasn’t fair to Paul, but hey, he was reaping what he’d sown, here. I’d have to single-handedly try to cover up for Lilia’s indiscretions. My bad, Paul. I’d have repay him for Sylphie some other time. “Well, I know that Father has some leverage over her.” “What? Is this true?” Zenith said, looking over at Lilia in surprise. Lilia was as stone-faced as ever, though she did raise a curious eyebrow, as if my assertion had been on the mark. Did Paul actually have something on her? Based on the usual stuff I’d heard and seen, it seemed more likely to me that Lilia had something on Paul, but... No, never mind. I had my opening here. “A while ago, I got up in the middle of the night to go to the bathroom, and as I was passing by Lilia’s room, I heard Father say something like... ‘If you don’t want me to tell anyone, spread your legs!’” “Huh?!” Paul blurted. “Dammit, Rudy, what the hell are—” “You shut up!” Zenith snapped, putting him in check. “Lilia, is this true?” 141Goldenagato | mp4directs.com Lilia’s gaze wandered. “Um, so, well, actually...” Was I actually on the mark? Or was she just playing along? “Ah, I see,” Zenith replied, seeming to come to an understanding of things. “You can’t bring yourself to say it out loud.” Paul’s eyes blinked over and over, his mouth opening and closing repeatedly like a goldfish’s, no words coming out. Perfect. Time to wrap this all up. “Mother, I don’t think Lilia is to blame.” “I suppose not.” “I think Father is to blame.” “I suppose so.” “It isn’t right that Lilia is in such a hard position because of something that was Father’s fault.” “Mmm. I suppose.” My mother’s responses were more noncommittal than I’d hoped. I just needed to push a little further. “I have fun playing with Sylphie every day, so I think it’ll be really nice that my little brother or sister will have someone the same age to be friends with!” “I...suppose, yes.” “And besides, Mother, they’d both be little brothers or sisters to me!” “All right, Rudy. I get it. You win.” Zenith let out a heavy sigh. Jeez, way to give me a hard time about it, Mom. “Lilia, I insist you stay with us,” Zenith pronounced. “You’re family at this point! I am not letting you do something as foolish as leave!” And that seemed to be the final word on the matter. Paul’s eyes went wide; Lilia brought her hand to her mouth, holding back her tears. 142Goldenagato | mp4directs.com 143Goldenagato | mp4directs.com All right, then. That was all done and settled. *** And so, with all of the responsibility laid squarely on Paul, we got through things without further issue. By the end, Zenith was looking at him with the cold dispassion of someone who was about to slaughter a pig. My balls tensed up in anticipation of what punishment she might unleash upon him. With that look still in her eyes, though, Zenith simply returned to her room. Lilia was crying, her face blank and expressionless, but tears streamed from her eyes. Paul looked conflicted about whether he should put his arms around her or not. For the time being, I was going to let the playboy do his thing. I followed after Zenith. If this situation wound up with her and Paul getting divorced, that would create its own host of problems. I knocked on the bedroom door, and Zenith poked her head out. “Mother,” I said, deciding to just cut right to the chase, “the stuff I said earlier was a lie I just made up. Please don’t hate Father.” For a moment, Zenith was taken aback, but then she grimaced and gently patted my head. “I know, sweetie. I would never have fallen in love with a man who was that terrible,” she said. “Your father’s got a weakness for women, so I’d prepared myself for the day something like this might happen. It was just a bit sudden, is all.” “Father has a weakness for women?” I asked, playing ignorant. “Yes. Not as much in more recent times, but back in the day he was pretty indiscriminate. You might have older brothers and sisters out there that we don’t know about, Rudy.” She exerted a bit more pressure with the hand that was ruffling my hair. “Make sure you don’t grow up to be someone like that, okay, Rudy?” She rubbed—no, gripped the top of my head even more firmly. “Make sure 144Goldenagato | mp4directs.com you treat Sylphie real nice, okay, Rudy?” “Ah, ow! Of course, Mother! Th-that hurts!” It almost felts like she’d nailed down what I was going to go on to do in the future. Still, things would be all right if they stayed like this. Where they went from here—that was all on Paul now. Still, it was tough knowing that my dad was such a damn hedonist. No more second chances from me, señor. The day after that, sword practice was exceedingly rough. I was able to keep pace with him and all; I just wished he wouldn’t take it out on me like that. Lilia I’ll just come out and say it: I was the one who seduced Paul. I had no intention of doing such a thing when I first came to this house. But to hear them moaning night after night, to clean a room that smelled of a man and woman who were very satisfied—I had my needs, and they were building up. At first, I was able to deal with those needs on my own. Watching Paul practicing swordplay in the yard every morning, however, stoked the fire inside me that had never completely died. Watching him reminded me of our first time. We were still so young, back when he was staying at the training hall where we practiced. Paul snuck into my room at night and forcibly had his way with me. I didn’t dislike him, but I certainly didn’t love him back. It wasn’t exactly the most romantic encounter. I’d cried, at first. The next person who made advances toward me, though, was that bald, fat minister. That certainly put into perspective how much better things with Paul had been. Also, when I heard that Paul was hiring a maid, I figured I could use what had happened back then as leverage in my negotiations. 145Goldenagato | mp4directs.com Paul was a much manlier fellow upon our reunion than he’d been back then; any trace of boyishness had disappeared, replaced with the look of a man who’d refined himself both physically and mentally. At the sight of him, one of the first thoughts to cross my mind was that the past six years had certainly been kind to him. At first, Paul didn’t try to make any moves on me. Every so often, though, he’d treat me to a sneaky grope that just got me all the more worked up. I was able to resist, but I was fully aware that I was walking a very thin line. All of that came crashing down when Zenith got pregnant. Knowing that Paul had an abundance of libido, I got it in my head that this was my opportunity. I saw my chance, and I invited Paul into my room. So, this really was my own fault. I thought of my own pregnancy as punishment—my punishment for giving in to my lust, and for betraying Zenith. But I was forgiven. Rudeus forgave me. That clever child, he managed to correctly deduce what had happened, lead the conversation precisely where it needed to go, and even bring things to an elegant compromise. He was so level and calculating about it, as if he had some similar prior experience to go on. It was an unsettling—no, best to quit while I was still ahead. Rudeus weirded me out, and so I made a point to avoid him as much as I could. The boy was smart; he probably realized I was avoiding him. Even so, he had saved me. I couldn’t imagine that felt good for him, but he chose me and my child over his own feelings. I would owe him for that for the rest of my life. He was someone who deserved my respect. Yes, he did deserve it. I would owe him a debt for as long as I lived. So, once the child in my belly was safely born, and once they were grown up, I would see that they made their way into young Master Rudeus’s service. Rudeus 146Goldenagato | mp4directs.com Several months passed without anything especially major happening. Sylphie was growing remarkably fast. She was now able to cast Intermediate-level spells without incantations, and she was reaching the point where she could pull off some pretty subtle effects. In comparison, my skill with the sword was relatively unchanged. I’d gotten decent, but I hadn’t managed to win a single round against Paul so far, so it was difficult to get too excited about my progress. Lilia’s attitude had softened as well. Previously, she’d always been on her guard around me—but since I’d been messing around with magic since I was a little kid, that was only natural. While nothing had really changed about her lack of overt emotion, I felt her words and her mannerisms now bore an overwhelming sense of reverence for me. I got that she was happy about my help, but I wished she’d tone it down. If nothing else, ever since that incident, Lilia had begun to talk to me a little—mostly old stories about Paul. Apparently, they had both studied swordplay at the same training hall many years back. She told me things, like how Paul had been very talented back then, but hated to practice. Or how Paul would skip training in order to gallivant around town. Or how Paul had forced himself on her in the middle of the night and taken her virtue. Or how Paul had eventually fled the training hall. Bit by bit, Lilia opened up to me about all that. The more she told me about the past, the more my opinion of Paul dropped. He was a rapist and a cheater. He was trash. Still, it wasn’t like he was rotten to the core. He was childish, irresponsible, and something about that seemed to tickle women’s maternal instincts. He tried to be a good, strict father to me, but he wasn’t good at keeping up that facade; when he set his mind to it, he mostly just came across as frank and straightforward, and I knew for sure he wasn’t a bad guy through and through. “C’mon, look at me,” Paul said, pulling me out of my daze. We were in the middle of sword practice. “Don’t you want to grow up to be a cool guy like your dad?” The nerve of this guy, honestly. 147Goldenagato | mp4directs.com “Is it cool to be a guy who cheats on his wife and risks tearing his family apart?” “Ngh...” Paul grimaced. At the look on his face, I resolved to be a bit more careful. I was supposed to be young and oblivious. I didn’t cheat on anyone—girls could come to me of their own accord. That’s how I’d handle things. “Look,” I said, “if that bothers you so much to hear, could you please keep your hands off of anyone who isn’t Mother?” “O-other than Lilia, right?” This man had learned nothing. “Next time, Mother might move back in with her family without saying a word, you know.” “Guh.” Was this guy hoping to build himself a harem? To have some secret retirement out in the sticks, where he had a beautiful wife, a maid he could get handsy with whenever he wanted, and a son to train in the way of the sword? Huh. That made me kind of jealous. That was probably the best ending from his perspective. It’d be like winding up with both Louise and Siesta at the end of that one light novel series. Maybe, rather than being oblivious, I should try to learn from his example? No, calm down. I remembered the look in Zenith’s eyes when that family meeting of ours came to a close. Did I want someone to give me that look? One wife would be plenty, thanks. “I mean, you’re a guy,” Paul said. “You know how it is.” He was still refusing to back down. I knew what he meant, but that didn’t mean I agreed with him. “What would a six-year-old boy know?” “Well, take Sylphie; you’re into her, aren’t you? She’s going to be gorgeous when she grows up.” Well, I sure couldn’t disagree with him there. “I guess you’re right. Though I think she’s pretty cute right now.” 148Goldenagato | mp4directs.com “So then you do understand.” “I guess.” Yeah, Paul was trash, but we seemed to be on the same level here. I might look like a child, but mentally, I was an unemployed bum over forty years old. A classic example of trash, right there. When it came to video games, if nothing else, I was fond of girls, and loved harems. Perhaps, on an intrinsic level, I was the same sort of womanizer that Paul was. Maybe the incident where I’d yanked Sylphie’s underwear off was where we’d started to see eye-to-eye. Ever since then, I’d felt like Paul was more willing to compromise, to open up with me. Maybe seeing my weak points had made him lose that drive to be an unreasonably strict father. He was still growing, too. “Heheheh...” I looked to see Paul grinning and chuckling. His gaze wasn’t directed at me, but rather behind me. I turned around and saw Sylphie standing there. It was rare of her to come to our house. On closer inspection, she was blushing ever so slightly, her hands fidgeting. She must have overheard me. “Go on, repeat what you just said for her,” Paul said. I let out a tiny snort. I didn’t understand this guy at all. Guess Paul still had a ways to go. Even heartfelt words eventually lost their impact if you heard them so often you got used to them. Repeating those words now was a no-go. So I just flashed Sylphie a wordless grin and offered her a wave instead. Besides, Sylphie was only six years old; it was a decade too early for that sort of conversation. If I kept reassuring her over and over that she was cute at this tender age, she’d grow up all conceited and entitled. My older sister from my past life was a prime example of that. “Um, I mean... I... I think you’re cool, too, Rudy,” she said. “Oh, yeah? Thanks, Sylphie!” I grinned wide, hoping that my white teeth might shine with a dazzling gleam (though, of course, they didn’t). Sylphie was excellent at being diplomatic; I nearly mistook that look in 149Goldenagato | mp4directs.com her upturned eyes for sincerity. I’d certainly meant it when I’d said she was cute, but there were no romantic feelings behind that. Not right now, anyway. “All right, Father. We’re going to head out,” I said. “Don’t go rolling around in the hay out there, okay?” Oh, come on! As if I would! This is me we’re talking about, not you. “Mother!” I started to call. “Father is—” “Gah! No, stop!” And so, today our house would be a peaceful one yet again. *** Soon after that, Zenith gave birth. It was a rough experience, a breech birth. With Lilia gravid as she was, she called for a midwife from the village, an older woman, but even she said the situation was hopeless. That’s how bad it was. The birth took quite some time, with both mother and child at risk. Lilia put all of her combined knowledge to work, and I assisted by continually casting Healing spells, even though I wasn’t great at them. All told, our efforts worked, and the birth was a success. The baby came safely into this world, letting out its first, healthy cries. It was a girl. I had a little sister. I was glad it wasn’t a little brother. Our relief was short-lived, however, as Lilia went into labor as well. We were all already exhausted, our guards down. The words “premature birth” flittered through my mind. This time, however, the midwife was able to play her part. While she might not have been good with breech births, premature births were something she claimed to have experience in. Age really did bring wisdom, sometimes. I did as the midwife instructed, kicking Paul in the butt to snap him out 150Goldenagato | mp4directs.com of his daze and have him bring Lilia to my room. While he was taking care of that, I used magic to prepare a new bath for the soon-to-be newborn, gathered up all the clean cloths and towels we had, and went back to the midwife. I let her handle things from there. The moment the baby was born, Lilia boldly cried out Paul’s name. He was at her side, dripping with sweetness, clutching her hand. The baby was smaller than Zenith’s, but let out the same kind of healthy cries all the same. This one was a girl as well. Two daughters. Two little sisters. Paul chuckled sheepishly to himself even as he mused about both of his new children being girls. For the second time that day, I got to see the big, dumb grin of a new parent on his face. Paul was in an unenviable position, however. The women in our household had now doubled in number. Who was going to wind up on the bottom of the totem pole in that situation? Probably the guy who cheated with the maid and knocked her up. As for me, I was hoping to establish myself as the cool older brother. No way was Paul getting any respect. Zenith’s daughter was named Norn. Lilia’s daughter was named Aisha. 151Goldenagato | mp4directs.com Chapter 10: Stunted Growth I was now seven years old. My two little sisters, Norn and Aisha, were growing quickly. They cried when they peed themselves, they cried when they pooped themselves, they cried when they were upset about something, and they cried even when they weren’t. They’d cry in the middle of the night, and they’d cry first thing in the morning, and when afternoon rolled around, there’d be some particularly energetic wailing. Before long, Paul and Zenith were having a shared nervous breakdown. The only one who kept her cool was Lilia. “See!” she said, tending skillfully to the two girls, as she usually did. “Now this is what childrearing is! Things with young Rudeus were much too easy! You could hardly call that real childrearing!” In my case, I was already used to crying babies, thanks to my younger brother from my last life, so it didn’t bother me much. And, not to brag, but I had experience in looking after babies—again, thanks to my brother—so I’d briskly change diapers and help out with the laundry and the cleaning. Paul would watch me, looking quite embarrassed for himself. Much like a Japanese man born before World War II, he didn’t know how to do anything around the house. Certainly, his skills with the sword were undeniable, and the people of the town held him in esteem, but he was only half the man he needed to be in order to be a dad. And this was his second time around, too. Good grief. *** To help restore some of Paul’s honor, here, let me talk some about his more amazing points. Now, I admit that he was a man with plenty of flaws, 152Goldenagato | mp4directs.com and was, in fact, undeniably human garbage. So why do this? Because he was strong. These were his skills: Sword God Style: Advanced. Water God Style: Advanced. North God Style: Advanced. Yeah. Advanced in all three schools. To put that into perspective, they said that it took a talented individual a good ten years of dedication to reach the Advanced level in a given school. To put it in kendo terms, it was somewhere around fourth or fifth dan. Intermediate level was somewhere around first through third dan, and was the rank at which someone was considered a full-fledged knight. To reach Saint-level required the skill of someone the equivalent of sixth dan or higher, but that’s irrelevant here. Essentially, Paul possessed skills equivalent to someone who’d reached fourth dan in kendo, judo, and karate—and he’d given up on all of those before finishing his training. He made a poor excuse for an adult, but in terms of strength, the man was a certifiable badass. Moreover, for someone only in his mid-twenties, he had an almost scary amount of real-world combat experience. That experience had made him both cunning and pragmatic. It was an intuitive thing, so I barely made sense of half of it, but I could tell that he was the real deal. In my two years of training under Paul, I hadn’t even broken out of the Beginner level. Maybe that might change after my physique developed more in a few years, but for now, no matter what mental simulations I ran, I couldn’t see myself defeating him. Even if I made full use of my spell catalog and tried every dirty trick I could, victory didn’t feel within my grasp at all. I had seen Paul do battle with monsters before. Actually, it was more accurate to say he showed me. He’d gotten some reports that monsters had turned up, and so he’d dragged me along so I could watch from a distance, saying that “seeing a battle would be a good experience” for me. And I’ll be honest, here: It was pretty damn amazing. Paul was up against four monsters. Three of them were what we called Assault Dogs, canine monsters that moved about like trained Dobermanns. 153Goldenagato | mp4directs.com The fourth was a bipedal, four-armed porcine monstrosity known as a Terminator Boar. The boar had emerged from within the forest with the three dogs in formation behind him. Paul handled them with ease, beheading the lot of them in a single stroke. I’ll say it again: It was pretty damn amazing. His fighting style had a certain beauty to it—a mysterious rhythm that made your heart race, yet put you at ease while watching. I had no good way to explain it, but if I had to boil it down to one word, I’d say it was charisma. Paul’s fighting style had charisma. It earned absolute trust from the men in his command, won Zenith’s heart and Lilia’s lust, and even stoked the passions of Mrs. Eto. He was the most desirable guy in the whole entire village. Charisma aside, I was grateful to have Paul around—to have someone more powerful than me so close by. If he hadn’t been around, I might have grown up to be an arrogant punk. I would’ve let my skill in magic convince me to challenge some monsters to a fight, and, unable to handle a pack of Assault Dogs, I’d have wound up getting torn to literal pieces. And if the monsters didn’t do it, people would have. If I’d let my skills go to my head, I’d definitely have picked a fight with someone I couldn’t beat. It was a common story, and I’d have deserved whatever came to me, too. Swordsmen in this world had skills beyond what I was used to. They could run at speeds approaching fifty kilometers per hour, and their reflexes and ability to track movement were quite impressive. Thanks to the existence of Healing magic, death from injury was something that could be staved off, so these swordsmen were practiced in killing their foes in a single stroke. In a world where monsters existed, it only made sense for people to grow so powerful. Still, even Paul was only at the Advanced level. There were plenty of people higher up the rankings within the official framework alone. And there were enough world-famous individuals and monsters out there that Paul couldn’t hope to defeat even if he had backup. There’s always a bigger fish, after all. 154Goldenagato | mp4directs.com I was grateful for Paul teaching me to wield a sword. Other than that, though, he was still no good as a dad. He was like an Olympic gold medalist who also happened to be a convicted criminal. *** One day, I was working on my sword practice with Paul, as I usually did. Once again, I could tell I wasn’t going to beat him that day. I probably wouldn’t beat him the day after, either. Lately, I hadn’t felt the sense that I was improving at all. Still, if I didn’t keep trying, I definitely wasn’t going to get better. Besides, even if I wasn’t feeling that sense of improvement, my body was still internalizing the practice. Probably. I mean, it had to be, right? As I was mulling that over, Paul broke the silence. “By the way, Rudy,” he said, as if suddenly remembering something, “about school... No, you probably don’t need that. Never mind. Let’s get back to it.” He quickly broke off and brought his practice sword to bear, as if nothing had happened. I wasn’t going to let that slide. “What do you mean, school?” I asked. “There’s an educational institution in Roa, the capital of Fittoa, where they teach things like reading and writing, arithmetic, history, etiquette, and that sort of thing.” “I’ve heard of it.” “Normally, you’d start going there around your age, but...you probably don’t need to? You already know how to read and write and do sums, right?” “Well, yeah.” I let everyone think that Roxy had taught me arithmetic. With two new baby girls, the financial situation at home had gotten rather tough, and with Zenith constantly poring over our accounts ledger, I’d decided to help her out —to her great shock. It had looked like there was going to be another uproar 155Goldenagato | mp4directs.com over what a genius I was, so I’d blurted out Roxy’s name to fend that off. And hey, if that made their estimation of Roxy go up as a result, all the better. “I’m interested in school, though,” I said. “There’d be a lot of other children around my age there, right? Maybe I could make some friends.” Paul swallowed, as if he had a lump in his throat. “I mean it’s not all that great a place. Etiquette is just stuffy nonsense, knowing history doesn’t help with anything, and you’re definitely going to get bullied. A bunch of local noble brats will be there, sure, but they just get all bitchy whenever they’re not number one. With a kid like you there, they’ll probably form a clique and push you around. And my father was a marquis, so with you being of even lower standing than I was, you’ll be seen as even more of an upstart.” Paul’s rundown sounded like it was coming from personal experience. He’d run away from home because he was disgusted by his rigid father and the corrupt nobility. Etiquette and history were an inescapable part of being a proper Asuran noble, so he must have found those subjects tough to tolerate. An unmistakable tension filled the air between us as we talked. “Really?” I asked. “I would’ve figured that noblewomen had some pretty cute daughters.” “Let me stop you right there. Noble daughters cake their faces thick with makeup, fuss obsessively over their hairdos, and reek of perfume. I mean, sure, some of them practice swordplay and are hot, but the bulk of them keep their bodies hidden underneath corsets, and even when you do get one into bed and get her clothes off, they never get any exercise, so their bodies are all loose and flabby to boot. Your dad’s been tricked many times on that front.” Paul had a distant look in his eyes as he spoke. What a heap of rubbish. Then again, he’d had those experiences and then wound up with a lovely wife like Zenith, so maybe there was something to it. “Maybe I won’t go to school, then,” I said. There was still a lot of stuff I wanted to teach Sylphie, for starters. And I’d have to be crazy to go someplace where I knew for sure I’d be bullied. I hadn’t been a shut-in for close to twenty years just for show. 156Goldenagato | mp4directs.com “Good call,” Paul said. “If you ever feel like schooling, you can just become an adventurer and go delving in some labyrinths.” “An adventurer?” “Yeah. Hitting up labyrinths is great. The ladies there don’t wear makeup, so you can tell at a glance who’s pretty and who’s not. And whether they’re swordswomen or soldiers or wizards, they’re all in great shape.” Okay, setting the garbage bits of all that aside, based on what I’d read, labyrinths were a kind of monster themselves. They started as simple caverns, but were altered by accumulations of magical energy, transforming them into labyrinths. At the deepest part of the labyrinth was a magical crystal you could think of as the power source, which was protected by a boss that acted as the guardian. This magical crystal was bait, exuding a powerful, attractive energy. Monsters were drawn in by that energy and made their way into the labyrinth, where they fell victim to traps, starved to death, or were killed by the boss that guarded the crystal; the labyrinth then absorbed the magical essence of those dead monsters. However, newly formed labyrinths often had their magical crystals devoured by monsters instead, or the crystal was shattered by the cavern collapsing. Hearing that some of them met clumsy ends made them seem all the more like living creatures. But monsters weren’t the only thing drawn in by these magical crystals. Humans found them quite tempting as well. The crystals could be used as catalysts for certain spells, and they fetched a rather high price. The price went up with size, but even a small one would bring in enough to afford someone a full year of easy living. And while these magical crystals were the only treasures the monsters cared about, that wasn’t the case for humans. As time passed, the equipment that belonged to the monsters and adventurers that the labyrinth had devoured would grow imbued with magical energy. They became a new sort of bait: magical items. Magical items differed from magical implements in that they could be used without drawing upon the wielder’s own magical energy. Most magical items, however, didn’t come with useful abilities; the majority of them had powers that were garbage. Still, there was a chance that you might find one 157Goldenagato | mp4directs.com among them that gave the user the abilities of someone who was a Saint-tier magician. Items like this sold for a fortune, and people delved into labyrinths with dreams of striking it rich quick. The bulk of them fell before they could reach their prize, however, their deaths feeding the labyrinth as it took their magical essence and used it to grow larger and deeper. This was how long-standing labyrinths came to have their depths filled with hoards of treasure. The oldest and deepest known labyrinth was the Pit of the Dragon God, situated at the foot of the holy Mount Dragoncry in the Red Wyrm mountain range. From what I’d read, it had been around for at least ten thousand years, and was estimated to contain some twenty-five hundred floors. Apparently, this colossal dungeon was connected to a hole at the pinnacle of Mount Dragoncry itself. By leaping into it, you could presumably plunge right to the very deepest floor, but no one who tried that stunt ever made it back alive. That “hole” wasn’t a volcanic crater or anything, by the way. The labyrinth itself had supposedly created it in order to consume red dragons; when one flew by, the Pit would suck it into its maw. There wasn’t much proof to support that particular myth. But it wouldn’t have been too surprising, given that the Pit was a truly ancient monster. As for the most purely challenging labyrinths... you had the aptly- named Hell, located on the Divine Continent, and Devil’s Cave, which sat in the middle of the Ringus Sea. Both of these were brutally difficult even to reach, meaning it was all but impossible to resupply once you arrived. Given their great depth, and the fact that you couldn’t really take your time exploring them, they’d earned a reputation as the toughest tests an adventurer could face. That was basically the extent of my knowledge on this topic at the moment. “I’ve read a bit about labyrinths...” “Ah. The Three Swordsmen and the Labyrinth, right? Exploring a legendary dungeon like that’s a sure way to get your name into the history books. Ever thought about giving it a shot yourself?” 158Goldenagato | mp4directs.com The Three Swordsmen and the Labyrinth was the tale of three brilliant young fighters who would come to be known as the Sword God, the Water God, and the North God. The book began with their initial meeting and followed them through a series of twists and turns that led them to challenge a huge labyrinth together. There was plenty of conflict, laughter, and male bonding along the way, as well as a few painful farewells; in the end, naturally, they achieved their goal triumphantly. The labyrinth in that book only went down about a hundred floors, but it was bad enough. “Isn’t that just a story, though?” “Nope. They say the three great styles we’ve passed down through the generations were born inside that labyrinth.” “Hmm, really? But those guys became Divine-class swordsmen, and they had all sorts of trouble... I don’t think I’d last five minutes in that place.” “Hey, I used to poke around in labyrinths all the time, okay? You’d be fine.” Paul rolled right into the story of a young Oni man who teamed up with a group of human warriors to enter a labyrinth full of Fishmen, and their eventual victory at the cost of several comrades. Before I had time to process that one, he moved on to the tale of an incompetent magician who accidentally fell into a labyrinth, joined a party that happened to have lost its own magician, and discovered his latent talents in the heat of battle. It kind of felt like Paul had been rehearsing this conversation in advance. Come to think of it... he wanted me to be a swordsman, didn’t he? I guess the plan was to barrage me with stories of adventure and fill my head with dreams of labyrinths and dramatic battles. I wouldn’t say I was uninterested, especially when it came to the labyrinths themselves. But on the whole, it sounded way too dangerous. The people in that book tended to meet their ends pretty damn abruptly, for one thing. The three swordsmen weren’t the only characters, of course, but they were the only ones who survived their expedition. One of their allies got charred to a crisp in the middle of a conversation by a fireball 159Goldenagato | mp4directs.com that came flying out of nowhere. Another one fell through a hole in the floor and went splat. Oh, and then there was that guy who got chopped in half the moment he poked his head out of cover. Even warriors strong enough to take down fearsome monsters easily were slaughtered by traps the instant they got a little careless. Being the protagonists and all, our three heroes made their way past these obstacles unscathed, but I doubted a clumsy guy like me could manage that. I was the oblivious type, after all. “What d’you think? Adventuring might be pretty fun, too, right?” “Come on, you can’t be serious.” Why would I deliberately put myself in highly risky situations just to get a thrill? A relaxed life full of women— just like Paul’s—seemed way more appealing. “I think I’m more inclined to spend my life chasing skirts.” “Oho. I guess you really are my son!” “Ideally, I’d like to build myself a little harem, just like my dear old dad.” “No kidding? Think you’d better stick to chasing one skirt at a time for now, though.” Paul pointed behind me with a grin. I turned around to find myself face to face with a very sulky-looking Sylphie. Perfect timing, moron. *** I’d been spending a lot of time in my room with Sylphie recently, walking her through the basics of math and science. It seemed like the quickest way to help her understand how silent spellcasting really worked in detail. Unfortunately, I’d left school after junior high in my previous life. While I’d technically gotten into some high school for morons, I’d dropped out almost immediately. 160Goldenagato | mp4directs.com As a result, there was a real limit to how much I could teach her. Book learning wasn’t everything, sure...but I was starting to get angry at myself for not having taken my studies a bit more seriously. By now, Sylphie had mastered the basics of reading and writing, and could handle multiplying two-digit numbers. The times table had been something of a struggle, but the girl clearly wasn’t dumb. She’d probably pick up division soon enough as well. I was also teaching her some fundamental science, in parallel with magic. “Why does water turn into, uh...vapor when you heat it up?” “Well, water naturally dissolves into air, but it takes some heat for that to happen. So, the hotter it gets, the more easily it dissolves.” Today, we were covering the cycle of evaporation, condensation, and precipitation. “...?” From the look on Sylphie’s face, it was clear she didn’t really understand what I was saying. Still, she’d proven herself a quick learner in general. Probably because she always paid attention and tried her best. “Uhm... Basically, anything melts if you get it hot enough, okay? And if it gets colder again, it turns back into a solid.” I wasn’t a teacher or anything, so this was the best I could manage. Sylphie was cleverer than me, anyway. She’d probably try a few things out herself until it all made sense to her. Thanks to magic, you didn’t really need tools to experiment with stuff like this. “Anything can melt? Even stuff like rocks?” “Yep. You’d need some really intense heat, though.” “Could you melt one, Rudy?” “Of course.” Not that I’d ever tried. Still, when I really focused, I could now roughly distinguish between the different elements in the air around me. I could probably just pump oxygen and hydrogen into a rock until it melted. Incidentally, there was also a spell called Magma Gusher that let you create a spontaneous burst of lava. I felt like that one had to be some 161Goldenagato | mp4directs.com combination of earth and fire magic, but it was classed as an Advanced-level fire spell. They liked to divide things neatly into their different disciplines here, but it was all interrelated. And pumping more raw magical power into your spells wasn’t the only way to make them stronger; by manipulating combustible gases, for example, you could produce intense heat more efficiently. I’d figured all that out by now. But not much else. My skill as a magician hadn’t really improved since Roxy left. I’d just been finding ways to combine my current spells, use them more effectively, and increase their power with some minor scientific tweaks. At a glance, it probably looked like I was growing stronger...but it felt more like I’d hit a dead end. Given my current level of knowledge, I might never manage to do anything more challenging than what I could pull off now. Back in my former life, it was easy enough to find information on the internet when I needed it, but there wasn’t anything so convenient in this world. Maybe I really did need someone to teach me... “Hmm. School, huh...?” Roxy had mentioned that schools for magicians tended to have very strict rules and standards, but maybe I could find some way to get into one. “Are you going to a school, Rudy?” Apparently, I’d been thinking out loud. Sylphie turned to look at me, an anxious expression on her face. The movement left her emerald green hair swaying slightly. She’d been growing it out a little lately...probably because I’d kept dropping casual suggestions, once a month or so. At the moment, it only qualified as a short bob, but it was kind of nice to see her messy little curls react to every movement of her head. We’d be in ponytail territory in no time. “No, I’m not planning on it. Father says I’d be bullied so mercilessly that I wouldn’t learn a thing.” 162Goldenagato | mp4directs.com “But you’ve been acting kind of strange again...” Wait, seriously? That was news to me. Had I screwed up again? I’d been trying so hard to keep up the “totally oblivious” act around her, too... “I’ve been strange ever since I was a baby, according to my parents.” I was trying to probe for details with a little joke, but Sylphie frowned and shook her head. “That’s not what I meant. You seem kind of sad lately.” ‘ Oh. Phew. I was worried she’d gotten a glimpse of my true nature somehow, but apparently, she was just concerned about me. “Well, I haven’t made that much progress lately, you know? I’m not getting any better with magic or the sword.” “But you’re already amazing, Rudy...” “For my age, maybe.” True, there probably weren’t that many children in this world on my level. But that said, I hadn’t yet accomplished much of anything. My “skill” with magic came partially from my memories of my previous life, and partially from my initial breakthrough with the silent spellcasting. Those two factors had given me a leg up over most people. But now that I’d hit this wall, I couldn’t find a way past it. The fact that I could remember thirty-four mostly wasted years wasn’t that much help anymore. It was easy to curse myself for not having studied when I had the chance, but what was done was done. And facts from my former world wouldn’t necessarily apply to this one, anyway. This place had its own set of rules I needed to discover. I couldn’t just lean on my old memories forever. Magic was the fundamental law here. And to understand it, I needed to understand this world. “Still, I feel like it’s about time I took my next step forward, you know?” Sylphie was improving steadily at magic, and getting smarter by the day. Watching her progress was starting to make me feel a little pathetic. I 163Goldenagato | mp4directs.com was just treading water by comparison. For the moment, I could still think of myself as the oblivious protagonist of this story. But unless I got my arrogant butt in gear, this girl was going to leave me in the dust someday. Her frown only deepening, Sylphie pressed me further. “Are you gonna go somewhere?” “Well, maybe,” I answered. “Father did say I should give exploring labyrinths a shot, and there isn’t that much I can do in this village... I’ll probably end up going to some school or trying the adventurer thing, I guess.” I’d spoken casually, without giving it too much thought. But for some reason... “N-no!” Sylphie cried out and threw her arms around me. Oho. What’s this, hmm? Time for a confession scene?! But even as the thought was running through my mind, I realized she was trembling. “Uh... Miss Sylphiette?” “No... No... No!” The girl was squeezing me so hard it was difficult to breathe. Not sure how to respond, I fell silent for a moment. “Don’t... Don’t go, Rudy! Hic... Waaaah!” Apparently interpreting this negatively, Sylphie burst into tears. Little shoulders shuddering, she proceeded to bury her face in my chest. Huh? Seriously? Uh, what’s going on here? For the moment, the girl clearly needed comforting, so I stroked her head and rubbed her back. I wrapped my arms around Sylphie. When I buried my face in her hair, I discovered that it smelled extremely nice. Oh man. Pure bliss. Can I just...keep her? Please? “Hic... Please, Rudy... Don’t... Don’t go away...” 164Goldenagato | mp4directs.com Whoops. Snap out of it, stupid. “O-okay...” It made perfect sense, really. For a while now, Sylphie had been coming over to our house first thing in the morning almost every day. She would happily watch me practice my swordplay, after which we moved on to magic and her studies. If I suddenly left, Sylphie’s whole daily routine would disappear, and she’d go right back to being a loner. She could fend off bullies with her magic now, but it wasn’t like she’d made any other friends. The more I thought about it, the more affection I felt for her. I was the only one Sylphie cared about this deeply. She was mine, and mine alone. “I get the message, okay? I won’t go anywhere.” How could I even think of tossing a sweet little girl like this aside and wandering off somewhere? To do what? Improve my magic? To hell with that. I could already cast Advanced- and Saint-tier spells. That was good enough to make a living as a tutor, the way Roxy did. So why couldn’t I just stay here with Sylphie until we were old enough to get by on our own? Sounded pretty good to me. We’d grow up together...and she’d grow up into my perfect woman. Hikaru Genji style, baby! Gweheheh. ...Crap! No. No. Bad thoughts. Bad thoughts. What happened to the whole ‘oblivious’ thing, buddy? You’re getting way too far ahead of yourself. Hm. Well, that said... there’s nothing in the rulebook that says an oblivious protagonist can’t brainwash their childhood friend, right? Gah! What am I thinking?! But... ugggh. The girl was only six years old. She was clearly very fond of me, but she wasn’t capable of feeling romantic love yet. So, uh... yeah. Let’s put all that on hold. For how long, though? Now that was the question. Did I need to wait 165Goldenagato | mp4directs.com until she turned ten? Fifteen? Even older...? What if she ended up hating me for wasting her time? Her affection meter was at max for now, but there was no guarantee it would stay that way forever. Could I live with myself if it dropped to zero? No. Hell no!!! I’m a man who knows my limits, damn it! Seriously, she’s so soft and warm and fluffy! And she smells so freakin’ good! She’s baring her soul to me right now, and I’m supposed to just sit here slack-jawed?! That’s so messed up! We both know how we feel, so we should just take this to the next level! Why force myself to waste precious time? Why not just admit I made the wrong call?! That does it. I’ve decided! I’ll make her into my perfect girl! I’m...I’m oblivious no more, Sylphieeee! “Hey, Rudy...letter for you.” At this point, Paul barged into the room, pulling me out of my own little world—and not a moment too soon. Startled, I pulled away from Sylphie. My dear father probably deserved some gratitude for that one. I’d been about two minutes away from turning into an extremely pathetic kind of villain. Still, a man’s endurance had its limits. I’d managed to weather this storm, but there was no telling what might happen next time. *** The letter I received that day was from Roxy, as it happened. Dear Rudeus, How have you been? It’s hard to believe, but I suppose two years have flown by since we parted. 166Goldenagato | mp4directs.com Things have finally settled down a bit on my end, so I thought I’d take the chance to write. At the moment, I’m staying in the royal capital of the Kingdom of Shirone. In the course of exploring various labyrinths, it seems I’ve made something of a name for myself, so I ended up getting hired to tutor a certain prince. Teaching him brings back memories of the time I spent in the Greyrat household. For one thing, the prince is actually quite a bit like the young man I tutored there. While not quite as talented as you, he’s a quick-witted boy and a budding young magician in his own right. Regrettably, he’s also prone to stealing my underwear and peeping on me when I’m changing, just like someone else I could name. His personality’s a bit on the pompous side, and he’s considerably more energetic, but on the whole your patterns of behavior are quite similar. Perhaps ambitious men are all sex-crazed animals at heart? I’m a bit worried he’ll assault me before I’m finished teaching him. Can’t say I understand what you people find so appealing about my scrawny little body, honestly. Hmm. Maybe I shouldn’t be writing this. If anyone were to read it, they might toss me in the dungeon for besmirching the honor of the royal family. I’ll just have to cross that bridge when I come to it. It’s not like I mean any of this in a bad way, really. In any case, it seems the royal court is planning to appoint me as a “court magician” for the duration of my stay. There’s still a great deal of magical research I’m itching to pursue, so that should work out quite nicely. Oh, that reminds me—I’ve finally managed to get the hang of casting King-tier water spells. The royal library here happened to have some helpful books on the subject. Back when I first mastered Saint-tier magic, I thought that was the best I could ever do, but it seems a bit of good old-fashioned effort goes a long way. I wouldn’t be surprised if you’re already casting Imperial-tier water spells by now, Rudeus. Or maybe you broadened your horizons and reached the Saint-tier in a different discipline? I know how voracious your thirst for knowledge is, so I could certainly see you dabbling in Healing or Summoning 167Goldenagato | mp4directs.com as well. Then again, maybe you chose to focus on your swordplay instead. I’d be a bit disappointed, to be honest, but I’m positive you’d make your mark on the world either way. Personally, I’m aiming to become a Water Saint-tier magician. Like I mentioned before...if you ever find yourself hitting a dead end in your magical studies, go get yourself admitted to the Ranoa University of Magic. Without a letter of recommendation, you’ll need to pass an entrance exam. But I don’t think that should pose you any difficulty at all. Well then, until we meet again— Roxy P.S. It’s quite possible I will have left the royal court by the time your reply reaches it, so don’t feel obliged to respond. Well, damn. Talk about a wake-up call. It took a moment for me to find the Kingdom of Shirone on the map. It was a small country in the southeastern part of the Central Continent. Not so far away from here as the crow flies, but the mountain range in between was infested with red dragons, making it totally impassable. You’d have to take the long way around and approach it from the south. For all intents and purposes, Shirone was a far-off land. And as for Ranoa, home to that university of magic... you’d need to take a big loop around to the northwest to get there. “Hmm...” At least now I knew why Roxy had never told me anything about magic above the King-tier. She didn’t know any better spells herself at the time. I decided to write a brief, vague reply to the letter. No need to explain the sad truth about my current situation. The girl seemed to have a mental image of me as some sort of genius, and I didn’t want to disappoint her. 168Goldenagato | mp4directs.com Anyway...the Ranoa University of Magic, huh? Roxy always made it sound like an amazing place. But it wasn’t exactly close to home, and I couldn’t just abandon Sylphie here. What to do? For the moment, I finished my letter, paused, and then added a brief note. P.S. Sorry about stealing your panties. *** The next day, I waited until my family was gathered at the dinner table, and then made my move. “Father, can I make a selfish request?” “Hell no.” ...only to be shot down instantly. Fortunately, Paul’s response earned him a good hard smack to the head from Zenith, who was seated at his side. And a follow-up attack from Lilia, who was seated on his other side. Ever since that whole mess with the unexpected pregnancy, Lilia had been joining us at the dinner table instead of waiting on us like a maid. It seemed like she was officially part of the family now. Was polygamy...even a thing in this country? Ah, well. Not my problem! “You just tell your father what you want, Rudy. He’ll make it happen,” said Zenith, with a sidelong glare at her husband—who was currently cradling his head in his hands. “The young master’s never asked for much. This is a golden opportunity to demonstrate some paternal dignity, Master Paul,” Lilia added supportively. After resettling himself in his seat, Paul folded his arms and stuck out his chin imperiously. “Look, the kid wants something so crazy that he asked 169Goldenagato | mp4directs.com permission just to bring it up. Whatever it is, it’s probably impossible.” This comment earned him another two smacks that knocked him right back down to the table. Just our usual family slapstick routine. All right, let’s get straight to the point. “The thing is, I’ve recently hit a dead end in my magical studies. And for that reason, I was hoping to attend the Ranoa University of Magic...” “Oh?” “But when I mentioned this to Sylphie, she broke down in tears and begged me not to leave her.” “Hah, what a little lady-killer! Wonder who you got that from?” Another two smacks followed that one, naturally. “The ideal solution would be for the two of us to go together, but Sylphie’s family isn’t as well-off as ours. I wanted to ask if you’d consider paying for both of us to attend.” “You don’t say?” Leaning his elbows on the table, Paul shot me a sharp look that brought to mind a certain spectacled commander. His eyes were deadly serious—the same way they got when he picked up a sword. “Well, the answer’s no.” Once again, he’d shot me down. But this time it wasn’t just a joke, and Zenith and Lilia stayed silent. “I’ve got three reasons. First, you’re still in the middle of your training with the sword. If you drop it now, you’ll end up a permanent amateur with no hope of improving. As your teacher, I can’t allow that. Second, the money is an issue. We could probably manage your tuition, but not Sylphie’s, too. Magic schools aren’t cheap, and it’s not like we have a magical money tree ourselves. Third, you’re only seven years old. You’re a clever kid, but there’s still plenty you don’t know, and you’re seriously lacking in real-world experience. It would just be irresponsible for me to cut you loose right now.” Paul’s refusal didn’t surprise me in the least. I wasn’t about to give up, though. Unlike before, he was grounding his denial in three rational, well- defined objections. That meant that if I addressed those points, I could gain 170Goldenagato | mp4directs.com his permission. There was no need to rush. I never expected any of this to happen tomorrow, anyway. “I understand, Father. I’ll continue training with you in the sword, of course... but can I ask how old you think I need to be before this could happen?” “Let’s see... Fifteen? Nah, let’s say twelve. Stick around that long, at least.” Twelve? Hmm. Fifteen was the age kids came of age in this country, as I recalled. “Can I ask why you chose twelve, specifically?” “That’s the age I was when I left home myself.” “Ah. All right.” This didn’t seem like something Paul would be willing to compromise on. No point arguing about it and getting his hackles up. “Well then, one last thing.” “Sure.” “Can you help me find a job? I can read, write, and do arithmetic, so I might make a decent tutor. I wouldn’t mind working as a magician, either. I’d take whatever pays best.” “You want a job? Why?” Paul asked, his eyes narrowing. “I want to earn Sylphie’s tuition for her.” “I don’t think it’s in her best interest for you to do that.” “Maybe not. I think it’s in my best interest, though.” 171Goldenagato | mp4directs.com 172Goldenagato | mp4directs.com The room fell completely silent for a long moment. I had to fight the urge to squirm awkwardly in my seat. “I see. So, that’s how it is, huh?” In the end, Paul nodded to himself, apparently convinced of... something. “All right, fine. In that case, I’ll look into a few things for you.” While Zenith and Lilia’s faces now expressed open concern, the look in Paul’s eyes told me that I could take him at his word. “Thank you very much,” I said, lowering my head in gratitude as my family resumed their meal. Paul Well, I can’t say I was expecting that. I knew my boy was growing up quickly, but most kids don’t start talking like that until they’re fourteen or fifteen at the earliest. Even I didn’t hit this stage until I turned eleven, when I reached Advanced level in the Sword God Style. And some people never get to it at all. What was that phrase again? “Don’t rush through your life too fast, or it’ll end before you know it.” A certain warrior had told me that a long time ago. I’d just rolled my eyes back then. The way I saw it, everyone else was taking things too damn slowly. Any given human has a limited window of time in which they can actually accomplish things, but nobody seemed to feel any sense of urgency at all. I wanted to do everything I possibly could while I had the chance. And if someone wanted to criticize me after the fact, well, I’d cross that bridge when I came to it. Of course, thanks to “doing” everything I could, I’d eventually found myself with a pregnant wife on my hands. Ended up quitting the adventuring 173Goldenagato | mp4directs.com business and leaning on my high-status relatives’ connections to get myself a steady job as a knight. Forget that part for now, though. Point is, Rudeus was taking things at a much quicker pace than I ever did. The kid was sprinting forward so fast that it made me a little nervous just to watch him go. I’m sure the adults around me had similar thoughts when I was young. There was one major difference, though: Rudeus was actually planning things in advance instead of randomly flailing about the way I used to. I have to assume he got that side of his personality from Zenith. Still, I think I need to keep him in one place a little longer. With that thought in mind, I began to write a letter. Just like Laws had been telling me the other day, Sylphie had clearly gotten quite attached to Rudeus. From her perspective, he was both the knight in shining armor who’d saved her from the misery of her early childhood and the all-knowing big brother who could answer all her questions. She obviously admired him. Recently, she seemed to be developing a crush on him as well. Laws, for his part, told me he was hoping the two of them might end up getting hitched someday. At the time, I was pretty pleased at the prospect of adding such a cute daughter to the family...but after hearing what Rudeus had said today, I had to reconsider. Right now, the girl was basically putty in his hands. If the two of them continued to grow up together like this, Sylphie was going to be permanently dependent on Rudeus. Even as an adult. I’d seen a few cases like that back when I was still “nobility.” I’d seen human beings who were little more than puppets, totally controlled by their parents. That life’s not so bad while the guy who pulls your strings is still around, I guess. As long as Rudeus kept loving Sylphie, she’d probably be just fine. But unfortunately, the kid had a bit of his dad in him as well. He was a born womanizer, in other words. There was a chance he might go running off after every other girl who caught his eye. 174Goldenagato | mp4directs.com A chance? Nah. The boy was my son. He was definitely going to mess around. And when the dust settled, he might not end up choosing Sylphie. She’d never recover from that blow. Never. My son might very well end up entirely ruining that sweet little kid’s life. I couldn’t allow that to happen. It sure as hell wouldn’t be in his best interests, either. And so, I wrote my letter. Hopefully I’d get the response I was looking for. That said...how was I going to convince that smooth-talking kid to go along with this? Hmm. Maybe this called for a brute-force approach. 175Goldenagato | mp4directs.com Chapter 11: Parted One morning, maybe a month after I told Paul that I wanted to start working, a letter addressed to him arrived at our home. It was probably the reply that I’d been waiting for. I tried my best to brace myself for the news without getting too impatient. Would he tell me after training? At lunch? Maybe dinner? For the moment, I decided to focus on our sword practice. *** As it happened, though, he chose to bring it up before we’d even finished training. “Hey, Rudy.” “Yes, Father? What is it?” Trying to keep my face composed, I waited eagerly for Paul’s next words. This was going to be my first job ever... in either life. I had to nail this. But instead of giving me the good news I was expecting, Paul took things in a strange direction. “Tell me something. What would you do if I said you had to stop seeing Sylphie for a while?” “What? Uh, I’d object, obviously...” “Right, right. Figures.” “What’s this about?” “Ah, forget it. No point talking this over. You’d just twist it all around on me, I’m sure.” 176Goldenagato | mp4directs.com The instant these words left Paul’s mouth, his expression changed dramatically. All of a sudden, there was murder in his eyes. Even an amateur like me could sense what was coming next. “Wha—?!” “...!” In one smooth, intimidating motion, my father leapt forward. Death was rushing straight at me, cold and silent. Acting on pure instinct, I responded with all the power at my disposal —using fire and wind magic simultaneously to create a blast between us. I jumped backwards just as the wave of hot wind struck me, letting the impact carry me farther. As it happened, I’d played out this scenario in my mind more than once. In a fight against Paul, I had no chance unless I put some distance between us at the start. The blast would hurt me as much as him, but as long as I took the damage without flinching, it would buy me a bit of space. Only a bit, of course. My totally unscathed father was still running forward, his body low to the ground. Didn’t do a damn thing to him! I hadn’t expected anything else, but it was still terrifying. I needed to make my next move, and fast. Just backing up wouldn’t work. The guy running forward would always be faster. Acting on a reflexive judgment call, I set off a shockwave right next to myself. The blow hit me hard enough to send me flying to the side. In that same instant, I heard something slice through the air next to my ear, and my blood ran cold. Paul’s sword had slashed through the space where my head had been a split second earlier. Well. That’s good, I guess... I’d dodged the first attack. That was a very big deal. He was still close, but I’d put a little distance between us. I started seeing some possibility I might win this. 177Goldenagato | mp4directs.com As Paul turned toward me to press the attack, I cast a spell that turned the ground in front of him into a sinkhole. His leading foot stepped right into the trap. He instantly shifted his body’s entire weight onto his other leg and freed himself—barely even missing a beat. Damn! Do I need to catch both his legs at once?! This time, I transformed the ground around me into a thick, watery bog. Before I could sink into it, I fired a small jet of water at the ground in front of me, sending myself gliding backward across the surface. By the time I realized that I wasn’t moving fast enough, it was too late. Paul reached the edge of my little swamp and took one great bound forward. The force of his stride actually left a small crater in the ground. The man was going to reach me in a single leap. “Aaaaaah!” I swung my sword in a blind panic, trying to intercept him. It was an ugly, careless attack, nothing like the strikes I’d learned. The grip of my sword wobbled unpleasantly in my hands as my blow was gently turned aside. I could tell Paul had used a Water God Style defense...for all the good it did me. Once a Water God swordsman deflects your blow, they always follow up with a counterstrike. I knew what was coming, but I couldn’t do a thing about it. Paul’s blade arced toward me for a moment that lasted an eternity. Well, I’m glad we’re using wooden swords, at least... A short, sharp blow to my neck knocked me instantly unconscious. *** When I woke up, I found myself inside a box of some sort. Given all the swaying and clattering going on, it was presumably some kind of vehicle. I tried to sit up, only to discover that I couldn’t move at all. Looking 178Goldenagato | mp4directs.com down, I realized I was tightly bound in... quite a lot of rope. What the hell is going on here? I managed to turn my neck enough to look around, and saw there was a woman in there with me. She had dark brown skin, a muscular body covered in scars, and skimpy leather clothes that didn’t leave much to the imagination. The strong features of her face, combined with the eyepatch she was wearing, gave her a definite tough-guy vibe. Pretty much the picture of a fearless female warrior from some fantasy show... especially given those big, furry ears and tiger-like tail. Apparently sensing my eyes on her, the woman glanced down at me. “Nice to meet you,” I said. “My name’s Rudeus Greyrat. Pardon my manners—I can’t seem to get up at the moment.” A preemptive introduction felt like the right move. The most basic rule of conversation was to start talking first. Once you seized the initiative, you could control where things went from there. “For Paul’s son, you’re oddly polite.” “I’m my mother’s son as well, as it happens.” “Ah, right. Guess you’ve got some Zenith in you, too.” Apparently, she knew both of my parents. That was something of a relief. “The name’s Ghislaine. We’ll be getting very well acquainted starting tomorrow, kid.” Starting tomorrow? What? “Uhm, well, okay. Nice to meet you, Ghislaine.” “Yeah. Same here.” 179Goldenagato | mp4directs.com 180Goldenagato | mp4directs.com At this point, I went ahead and burned away the ropes around me with a bit of fire magic. My body was sore as hell. That wasn’t too surprising, since I hadn’t been sleeping in the most comfortable of places. I stretched out my arms and legs and reveled in the blissful sense of release. Sure, I’d spent most of my previous life sitting in a cramped little room moving nothing but my fingers, but that didn’t mean I wanted to spend so much time lying bound and helpless at the feet of some sadistic-looking older lady. Might have gotten a little uncomfortable after a while. There were benches to the front and rear of our little “box,” so I sat down across from Ghislaine. Windows to the left and right offered a view of the world outside; nothing I saw outside looked remotely familiar. Okay, so this was definitely a vehicle. It was swaying so vigorously that I was a little worried I might get sick, and I could hear a sort of clopping coming from the direction we were moving in. Seemed reasonable to assume it was a horse-drawn carriage. Right. So. I was taking a carriage ride with some macho lady, for reasons totally unclear to me. Gah! H-have I been kidnapped by some wanton woman weightlifter?! Did she steal the cutest boy in all the land to be her sex slave? Please, have mercy! I...I sorta dig girls with muscles, yes... but I’ve already pledged my heart to Sylphie! Well... if you must do it... be gentle with me, pwease... Wait. Wait, wait. Bad thoughts. C-c-calm down, dumbass. At times like these, a man’s gotta stay cool! Count off prime numbers in your head until you relax! Remember what that one priest guy said. “The primes are solitary numbers, divisible only by one and themselves... they give me strength!” Three. Five. Uhm...eleven. Thirteen...? Uh, er... I can’t remember, damn it! Okay, screw the prime numbers. Just calm down, dude. Think through this calmly. You need to figure out what’s going on here. Deep breaths. 181Goldenagato | mp4directs.com Deeeeeep breaths. “Hooo... haaaa...” Attaboy. Now then, let’s piece this together as best we can. First of all, Paul had attacked me for no apparent reason and knocked me senseless. And when I’d woken up, I’d found myself inside a carriage, bound hand and foot. Presumably, he’d KO’d me for some specific reason and then tossed me in here. The only other person in said carriage was a macho lady who said we’d be getting “acquainted” starting tomorrow. Come to think of it...Paul also said something strange right before he attacked me. Something like, “Stop seeing Sylphie.” Or maybe, “Sylphie’s too good for the likes of you.” Or maybe, ‘Sylphie’s mine now, kiddo!’ Th-that scumbag pedo! Does his lust know no bounds?! Wait, I think I just made up those last two. Hmm. It was hard to think straight where Sylphie was concerned. I’d gotten completely derailed in no time at all. Damn it. This is all Paul’s fault... Ah, well, guess I’ll just have to ask. “Uhm, Miss?” “You can call me Ghislaine.” “Oh, okay. In that case, you can call me Ruru.” “Sure thing, Ruru.” Right. So, the woman clearly didn’t know a joke when she heard one. “Miss Ghislaine, did my father tell you what’s going on here?” “Just Ghislaine, kid. No miss required.” As she spoke, Ghislaine reached into her jacket to retrieve a letter and handed it over to me. The front of it was completely blank. “That’s for you, from Paul. Read it out loud, will you? I’m not so good with writing.” “Okay.” 182Goldenagato | mp4directs.com Opening up the sloppily folded piece of paper, I began to read. “To my dear son Rudeus. If you’re reading this letter, it means that I’m no longer in this world.” “What, what?!” Ghislaine shouted, jumping to her feet. Good thing this carriage had a high ceiling. “Please sit down, Ghislaine. There’s more.” “Hm. Right...” Just like that, she sat right back down. “Sorry, just kidding! I always wanted to try that one out on somebody. “So, anyway. I knocked you down into the dirt, tied you up, and tossed you into a carriage like a bandit kidnapping a princess. I expect you’re wondering what the hell is going on, hey? Ideally, that ball of muscle in there with you would just explain everything...but sadly, her brain mutated into an extra bicep some time ago, so I don’t think that’s going to work.” “What was that?!” Ghislaine shouted, jumping to her feet again. “Please sit down, Ghislaine. The next part’s nothing but compliments.” “Hm. Right.” Right back down she went. Okay then, moving on. “That woman’s a Sword King. When it comes to the blade, you won’t find a better teacher this side of the Sword Sanctum. Trust your old man on this one: She’s really damn good. I never once got the upper hand on her... except in bed.” Dad. Please. Could you not have just left that last part out? Ghislaine didn’t exactly look displeased, though. The old man was certainly popular with the ladies. Anyway...I was evidently travelling with one hell of a fighter. “Now then, let’s move on to your job. You’re going to be tutoring a young lady in Roa, the biggest city in the Fittoa Region. Teach her reading, writing, math, and some basic magic, all right? The girl’s a spoiled, violent brat who was asked to leave her school, and she’s already chased off a number of other tutors. But I’ve got faith in you, kiddo! I’m sure you’ll 183Goldenagato | mp4directs.com manage somehow.” Wow. Very helpful, Paul. “Uh... y-you don’t really look spoiled, Ghislaine...” “I’m not the young lady in question.” “Right. Of course.” Okay, let’s keep moving. “That lump of muscle with you works for the young lady’s family as a bodyguard and swordsmanship instructor. In exchange for training you in the sword, she wants you to teach her reading, writing, and arithmetic as well. I know, it’s a ridiculous request coming from a woman with a bicep-brain, but try not to laugh out loud. She’s probably serious.” “That son of a...” Was I seeing things, or was that a vein throbbing on Ghislaine’s forehead? The main purpose of this letter was to explain the situation to me, but Paul’s secondary goal was clearly to piss her off. Made me kind of curious about the nature of their relationship. “She won’t be a quick learner, I’m sure, but it’s not such a bad deal. You won’t have to pay for your lessons, at least.” My lessons, huh? Right. I guess she was my new instructor from now on... Paul’s swordsmanship was mostly instinct-based. Maybe he felt I needed a better teacher at this point. Or maybe he’d just gotten sick of watching me not improve at all. I think you could have stuck it out a little longer, man... “How much would it usually cost to learn the sword from you, Ghislaine?” “Two gold Asuran coins per month.” Say what?! I was pretty sure that Roxy had earned five silver coins a month back when she was tutoring me. This lady charged about four times more. This was really a pretty solid deal, then. A normal person in Asura 184Goldenagato | mp4directs.com could get by on about two silver coins a month. “For the next five years, you’ll be staying at the young lady’s house to teach her. Five whole years, you got that? You don’t get to come back home until then. And no writing letters, either. Sylphie’s never going to learn how to stand on her own two feet if you keep hanging around the village. And you were growing increasingly reliant on her, as well. That’s why I made the call to separate the two of you.” “Wait... what?” H-hold on a second. What? Are you serious? I can’t see Sylphie for five whole years? I can’t even write her letters?! “What’s the matter, Ruru? Did you break up with your girlfriend?” Ghislaine asked, apparently amused by the look of despair on my face. “No. My childish bully of a father broke us up by force.” I hadn’t even had a chance to say goodbye. Damn it, Paul. You’ll pay for this... “Hang in there, Ruru. It’ll be okay.” “Uhm...” “What?” “I think I’d rather you just called me Rudeus, actually.” “Hmm. All right, then.” When I really thought about it, though, Paul had a point. At the rate things were going, Sylphie might have turned into a “childhood friend” character from a particularly shitty visual novel. You know...the kind who sticks to the protagonist constantly, revolving around him like a satellite, and never develops a personality of her own. In the real world, a girl like that would make her own friends and learn about new things at school. But thanks to her hair, Sylphie was always going to have a tough time with that. There was a real chance she would have stayed glued to my side for years and years. I wouldn’t really have minded, but the adults involved felt differently. This made sense. Paul had made the right call this time. 185Goldenagato | mp4directs.com “As for your compensation, you’ll be paid two silver Asuran coins a month. That’s below the going rate for a live-in tutor, but it’s more than enough for a child’s allowance. When you have a little spare time, try to head out into the city and get a feel for spending money. A little practice is the best way to make sure you can use your cash effectively when you really need to. Then again, maybe that won’t even be an issue for a kid as gifted as you. Just don’t go buying any women, though. You got that?” Seriously, man. You could just leave that part out! What, was he trying some sort of reverse psychology here? Like, ‘Don’t hit up any brothels, son! Wink wink, nudge nudge’? “Additionally, once you complete five years of consistent service and finish providing the young lady with a solid education in all respects, your contract entitles you to a special reward: a payment covering the cost of tuition for two people to the University of Magic.” Hrm. I see. In other words, once I did my time as a tutor, Paul was going to let me do what I wanted...just as he’d promised. “Of course, there’s no guarantee Sylphie will want to tag along with you five years from now, and you might lose interest in her yourself. But in any case, I’ll make sure to explain the situation perfectly to her.” Uh...not sure I trust you on that one, daddy dearest. “I hope the years you spend in this new environment will teach you many things, allowing you to develop your talents even further. Sincerely, your noble, wise, and brilliant father, Paul.” Brilliant my ass! Your whole plan was just to beat me into submission! Still, I had to admit his overall line of thinking was pretty solid. This was for the best, for both Sylphie and me. She might go back to being a loner again, but...unless she learned to face her own problems, she was never really going to grow as a person. “Paul really loves you, doesn’t he?” Ghislaine said. I couldn’t help smiling a little at that one. “He used to be kind of distant, but he started really getting into the 186Goldenagato | mp4directs.com whole fatherhood thing. Anyway, seems like he’s pretty fond of you as well, Ghislaine...” “Hm? Why d’you say that?” I proceeded to read the letter’s final line out loud. “P.S. Feel free to make a move on the young lady as long as it’s consensual, but that ball of muscle’s already mine, so hands off.” “Hmm,” Ghislaine said. “Send that letter on to Zenith for me, will you?” “Sounds like a plan.” Just like that, I found myself travelling to the Citadel of Roa, the largest settlement in the Fittoa Region. I had some mixed feelings about that, of course, but it really was for the best. I couldn’t just stay with Sylphie, so this was something that needed to happen. I definitely wasn’t bitter about it at all. Nope. Man. I wish I could go see her once a year or so, at least... Well... maybe I’d manage to convince myself of that at some point. I just wasn’t quite there yet. Paul “D-damn, that was close...” My son lay unconscious on the ground before my filthy, mud-caked shoes. Since this would be my last day teaching him the sword, I’d decided to put the fear of God in him before I knocked him out, but the kid actually snapped off a bunch of spells the instant I made my move. Wasn’t just a bunch of panicked attacks, either. He was mainly trying to slow me down. And every single time he cast something, it was a different spell. 187Goldenagato | mp4directs.com “That’s my son for you, all right. Kid’s got a knack for battle...” Sure, the fight had only lasted a few seconds. But it was a complete surprise attack, and I still needed three steps to take him down. That last one had been especially dangerous. If I’d hesitated even slightly, he would have snared both my legs and taken me out in no time. Three steps was just too many when you’re fighting a magician. If he’d been in a group, one of his allies would have stepped in to protect him by the time I’d taken my second stride. And if there’d been just a bit more distance between us, I might have needed four steps. For all intents and purposes, the kid got the best of me. You could probably toss him into a party of adventurers right now. He’d more than pull his own weight in a labyrinth. “Guess you’d expect no less from the prodigy who gave a Water Saint- tier magician an inferiority complex...” The boy was downright terrifying. But for some reason, that made me happy. Up until now, I’d been jealous of anyone more talented than me...but where my son was concerned, all I felt was pride. “Okay, this isn’t the time to be talking to myself. Let’s get this done before Laws makes it over here...” I quickly proceeded to tie up my son. The carriage had arrived by the time I finished, so I picked him up and prepared to toss him into it. Of course, Laws picked that moment to show up with Sylphie in tow. “Rudy?!” Seeing her playmate bound hand and foot, the girl immediately fired off an Intermediate-tier offensive spell at me without so much as an incantation. I warded it off easily enough, but on top of the silent spellcasting, the attack’s power and speed were both impressive. She could easily have killed a normal person. Damn it, Rudeus. Don’t go teaching her that crap... After handing Ghislaine my letter, I unceremoniously dumped Rudeus in the carriage and let the coachman know he was good to go. Glancing over, I saw Laws crouched next to Sylphie, speaking to her firmly but quietly. 188Goldenagato | mp4directs.com Yeah, that’s the way. It’s the parent’s job to teach their kid what’s what. Laws had allowed Rudeus to take over many of his duties, but now he’d get the chance to reclaim his rightful role. Exhaling quietly, I watched the little family conference from a distance; after a moment, the wind carried Sylphie’s voice over to me. “No... I’ll get strong enough to help Rudy!” Hmm. That girl really adores you, son of mine. At this point, my two wives emerged from the house. I’d told them to stay inside if they wanted to watch, mostly for their own safety. But I suppose they wanted to see the boy off, at least. “Oh, my sweet little Rudy’s leaving me!” “Be brave, Madam. This is a trial we must endure!” “I know, Lilia. I know! Oh, Rudeus, Rudeus! My little son is riding off! He’s left his poor mother all alone. Woe is me!” “You’re not alone, Madam. He’s not your only child!” “You’re right, of course. He has two little sisters now.” “Two?! Oh, Madam!” “Of course, Lilia. I’ll love your child as much as mine! As much as I love you!” “Oh, Madam! I feel just the same!” For some reason, Zenith and Lilia acted out a weirdly theatrical scene as the carriage set off down the road. I suppose they weren’t really too worried about Rudeus. The kid had a solid head on his shoulders, after all. In any case...those two sure do get along these days. Wish they’d be that friendly with Daddy, too. Or at least stop ganging up on me. “Still... I guess Rudeus won’t be around to watch the little ones grow up, huh?” I knew he’d been planning to become the “best big brother ever,” but 189Goldenagato | mp4directs.com things weren’t going to work out that way. Tough luck, kid. Daddy’s going to get all his little daughters’ love! Eheheheh. Hm. Wait a second, though. Rudeus was about to start special, accelerated training under a Sword King. Five years from now, he would be twelve. Much bigger and stronger than he was now. If we had another anything-goes scrap when he came back, was I even going to stand a chance? Oh, man. My paternal dignity was on the line. “Zenith, dear? Lilia? Now that Rudy’s left us, I think I’ll have to start training a bit as well.” Zenith glanced at me with a disinterested expression. Lilia leaned over to stage-whisper in her ear. “Did it really take a near loss to make him realize that the young master might soon surpass him?” “Honestly, he’s always like this. Never puts a bit of effort in until someone nearly embarrasses him.” Apparently, I was already somewhat lacking in the paternal dignity department. Ah well. What’s dignity good for, anyway? My old man was a walking lump of pride and nobility, and I was never exactly fond of him. I wanted to be a friendly, lovable kind of father, not a dignified one. So for now, I’d just keep pretending to be a good-for-nothing guy with a weakness for the ladies. Until my three kids were all grown up, at least... At this point, I glanced at Zenith out of the corner of my eye. Damn, that’s a nice body. You’d never know she’s already had two kids... Maybe we could try for four or five? That’s one way to earn myself an extension, I guess. Nheheh. Well, there was time enough to think about that later. Thoughts ran through my mind as Rudeus’s carriage rumbled off down the road. Rudeus... Believe me, this isn’t how I wanted to do this, either. I don’t think you would have agreed to my plan, and I’m not sure I could have 190Goldenagato | mp4directs.com convinced you in an argument. Still... as your father, I couldn’t just do nothing. I’m basically passing you off to someone else for now, but I think that’s how it has to be. I know I didn’t give you any choice, but I’m sure a clever kid like you will understand. The experiences you’re going to have out there wouldn’t have been possible in this village. Even if you don’t understand my reasons, dealing with the challenges in front of you will make you stronger in the end. So resent me all you like. Resent me, and resent yourself for letting me do this. I grew up under my old man’s thumb myself, you know? Ended up just running away, rather than ever facing up to him. I do regret that to some degree. And I wish I’d done some things differently. I don’t want you to feel that way, of course. But you know... running away like that did make me stronger. I’m not sure if I’m stronger than my dad was, but I found women I loved, protected the things I cared about, and grew tough enough to put the screws on my own kid. You want to fight back? Fine by me. Have at it. Come back stronger, kid. Strong enough to stand up to your tyrant of a dad. 191Goldenagato | mp4directs.com Extra Chapter: The Mother of the Greyrat Family My name is Zenith Greyrat. I was born in the Holy Country of Millis, a land noted for its long history, great beauty, and rigid moral code. By birth, I was a member of the nobility—the second daughter of a count. Like most young ladies raised in “good families,” I was a sheltered child. I thought the little world I knew was all there was. I was clueless and naïve. But I was also a good child, if I do say so myself. I never disobeyed my parents. My grades in school were excellent. I obeyed the tenets of the Millis Church, and I learned to play the role expected of me in society gatherings. Some people even called me the perfect picture of a Millis lady. My parents were rather proud of me, I’m sure. Had things continued as they were, I suppose I would have been introduced at some party to a man my parents chose for me. Probably the first son of some marquess, well-mannered but proud, with absolute respect for the dictates of the Millis Church. I would have married this moral paragon, given birth to his children, and seen my name go down in the register of Millis nobility as a perfectly respectable marchioness. As a woman of the aristocracy, that was the road in front of me. But of course, I didn’t end up following it. My life changed forever on my fifteenth birthday—the day I came of age. I had a terrible fight with my parents. For the first time in my life, I refused to do what they told me. And I ran away from home. I’d gotten thoroughly sick of letting them control every moment of my life. My little sister Therese had always been a free spirit, and I think I was a little jealous of her as well. These factors, along with many smaller ones, combined to push me off the path I had been following. It’s not easy for a fallen aristocrat to find a new road through life. But fortunately, I’d learned Healing magic in an academy for noble girls, and had even gotten proficient at Intermediate spells. Millis was a country where 192Goldenagato | mp4directs.com Healing and Protection magic flourished, but it was still unusual to progress beyond the rank of Beginner in either. Reaching the Intermediate tier opened up the possibility of working in the Millis Church’s hospitals; it was an achievement that earned me much admiration in our school. As a result, I was convinced I could make it on my own anywhere I went. I really was hopelessly naïve. A dishonest group of people spotted me almost immediately, as I awkwardly tried to navigate the unfamiliar process of taking a room at an inn. Claiming they’d been looking for a healer, they pulled me into their party, taking advantage of my total ignorance. The pay they offered was lower than what Beginner-tier magicians earned, but they insisted it was higher than the going rate. Being a complete fool, I took their superficial kindness at face value. I actually remember thinking, I suppose the world does have some decent people in it. I’m sure they would have mistreated me further if I had stayed with them. They were probably planning to use me as a human shield in battle or force me to cast magic until I fainted. Maybe even to demand sexual favors. But they didn’t get the chance, thanks to a young swordsman named Paul Greyrat. After beating down my new “friends,” he rather forcefully dragged me into his own travelling party. Until Elinalise—one of his companions— explained, I was convinced I’d been kidnapped by a violent thug. In any case, that was how I met my future husband. At first, I hated Paul. He was an Asuran noble by birth, but his language was coarse. He broke his promises left and right, acted impulsively, wasted money, and mocked me constantly. Not to mention that he routinely groped my butt and sometimes made highly inappropriate advances. Still, I could tell he wasn’t exactly a bad person. He was always coming to my rescue, after all. He made fun of my cluelessness, but in the end, he always sighed and stepped in to help. We were total opposites, but he was dependable, free-spirited, and 193Goldenagato | mp4directs.com handsome. I suppose it isn’t that surprising that I grew attracted to him. Of course, there were always pretty women around him. And I was a follower of the Millis Church, which preached the virtues of monogamy. I might have run away from home, but the teachings of my faith had been drilled into me daily since I was a child, and everyone I knew in school had been a believer. Its commandments were deeply rooted in my mind. So, one day, I blurted out these words: “You can sleep with me, but only if you never touch any other women again.” Paul immediately agreed with an easy smile. I knew he was lying to me, of course. But on some level, I didn’t mind. Once he broke his promise, I thought I might be able to get over him. But once again, I’d been naïve, careless, and foolish. I never even considered that I might get pregnant after a single night with him. I was so hopeless, anxious, and afraid. I certainly didn’t expect that Paul would actually do the honorable thing and marry me the way he did. The child I bore him was a son, as it turned out. Rudeus Greyrat. My little Rudy. *** At the moment, Rudy was crouched next to his little sisters’ cribs with a very serious expression on his face— so much like his father’s. Frowning intently, he peered into one crib for a moment, then looked over into the other. “Aah. Aah!” Norn began to fuss, and Rudy’s expression stiffened even further. But an instant later... “Blablabwah!” He stuck out his tongue at her and made a silly face. “Ha haa! Baa, baa!” 194Goldenagato | mp4directs.com Nodding in satisfaction as Norn gurgled happily, Rudeus resumed his previous serious expression. “Aah! Aaah!” This time, it was Aisha who piped up out of nowhere. Rudeus immediately turned to face her, pressed his palms against his cheeks, and mumbled, “Ajojobloblo.” Clearly amused, Aisha let out a happy little, “Nhah, ahah!” Once again, Rudy nodded to himself with a grin of pure pleasure. He’d been keeping up this little routine for quite a while now. “Heheh...” At the sight of Rudy’s smile, I couldn’t help but let out a little laugh of my own. It wasn’t something you saw every day, after all. Rudy always had the most serious expression on; no matter how well things went with his sword practice or his magic, he never looked particularly satisfied. He almost never let me or Paul see him smile. And when he did, it was usually a forced, awkward grin. But now, he was making silly faces to amuse his little sisters and smiling with genuine pleasure when it worked. Just watching him put me in a pretty good mood myself. We’d come a long way from the way things used to be. I sighed quietly to myself, recalling Rudy’s early years. At first, I’d been overjoyed when we discovered his talent for magic. But after a while, I’d started to feel like he was so talented that he secretly looked down on the rest of us. I wondered if he even loved his family at all. He’d never really gotten that attached to me, for one thing. But I had it all wrong, of course. I realized this in the midst of our greatest family crisis—the day Lilia announced her pregnancy, and Paul confessed that he was responsible. I felt so terribly betrayed by the both of them. So angry and so sad. In particular, I was so furious at Paul for breaking his vows to me that I felt about ready to explode. I was on the verge of either screaming, “Get out!” 195Goldenagato | mp4directs.com to Lilia or announcing that I was leaving myself; it took an effort of will to keep myself calm. Before our marriage, I’d expected Paul to prove himself a liar, and planned to dump him once he did. I’d almost forgotten about that, but apparently my feelings hadn’t changed. I was so upset that I was ready to break apart our family for good. But in the end, Rudy changed my mind. Playing the part of a guileless child, he stepped in to guide things to a neat conclusion. His methods weren’t exactly admirable, of course. And even if I believed his little story, it certainly wouldn’t have convinced me to forgive my wayward husband. Still...from Rudy’s words and the expression on his face, I could see what he was really feeling, deep down inside. He was afraid. Terrified his family was going to break apart. The moment I realized that, I finally understood that he did love us in his own way. And I wanted nothing more than to reassure him. My anger softened. I managed to bring myself to forgive both Paul and Lilia on the spot. If not for Rudy, things wouldn’t have worked out that way. “Ooh, you’re such a cutie pie, Norn. You’re gonna be real pretty, just like Mommy, yeah?” And now, here he was playing with Norn’s little hands and smiling happily. My ever-serious little son was soothing his sister with silly baby talk. He’s so...reliable. I’d been a bit in awe of Rudy’s talents for quite some time, but lately I was starting to appreciate his dependability as well. Things had been truly hectic after Aisha and Norn were born. Our two new daughters cried at all hours of the night, puked up half the milk we fed them, and routinely pooped when we were bathing them. Lilia told me all of this was perfectly natural, that it was only to be expected, but in no time, I was utterly exhausted. For days and days, I barely got a wink of sleep. But then Rudy stepped in and started to handle all sorts of things for us...without even being asked. 196Goldenagato | mp4directs.com He was oddly skillful with the babies. It almost seemed as if he’d cared for one before, although that couldn’t possibly be the case. I suppose he must have picked up a few things from watching Lilia. That’s our Rudy for you. I wasn’t particularly happy that my son was better at soothing my own child than I was, but it was still an enormous help. I’d never seen a boy his age so helpful and reliable, or even capable of looking after newborn babies the way he did. Watching him work sometimes reminded me of my brother, who presumably still lived back in the Holy Country. Like Rudy, he was serious, diligent, and talented; my father always told us to learn from his example. But he was also cold to his family, and ignored his little sisters almost completely. As nobles went, he was a good and honest man, but I didn’t think much of him as a brother. Rudy was obviously going to be different. He was going to be a good big brother. The kind who earned his sisters’ admiration. That certainly seemed to be his intention, at least. He’d actually announced “I’m going to try to be the coolest, most perfect big brother ever,” to Paul while they looked down at Norn and Aisha. I was already eager to see what the three of them would be like in a few years’ time. “Aah. Agyaaah!” At this point, I was startled out of my reverie by Norn, who’d begun crying loudly. Rudy’s body jerked in surprise, but he quickly turned to her crib to make more silly faces. “Gyaa! Waaaah!” This time, Norn didn’t stop bawling. Rudy touched her diaper to see if it was wet, then picked her up and checked her back for rashes, but the waterworks just kept flowing. If I’d been on my own, I probably would have gotten flustered and called for Lilia, only to fall into an outright panic once I remembered she was out shopping at the moment. But Rudy stayed admirably calm. Working by process of elimination, he checked carefully for potential problems. After a while, he clapped his hands and turned to me. “Mother, I think it’s time for her milk.” 197Goldenagato | mp4directs.com Come to think of it, it was about that time of day, wasn’t it? The hours really did fly when I watched Rudy playing with his sisters. “Right. Of course.” “Here, have a seat.” I lowered myself into the chair Rudy pulled up for me, opened up my blouse, and took my bawling baby into my arms. Norn had clearly been quite hungry, just as Rudy thought. She immediately pressed her little mouth to my nipple and began to suckle greedily. The sensation always made me intensely conscious of my own motherhood. “Hm?” After a moment, I realized that Rudy was watching. Whenever I breastfed Norn, he... tended to stare. It wasn’t just a curious, innocent gaze, either. There was an element of interest you wouldn’t expect from a seven-year-old. It was cute to see him doing something so much like what Paul did... but if Rudy was already like this at his age, there was probably going to be some trouble down the line. The last thing I wanted was for him to go around breaking women’s hearts right and left, the way his father had. “What’s the matter, Rudy? Do you want some too?” “Huh?!” Startled by my little joke, Rudy jerked his head away and blushed a brilliant shade of red. “No, that’s not it. I was just impressed by how much she’s drinking...” “Heheh.” It was a bit cute seeing him flustered. I couldn’t help laughing a little. “Sorry, but I need my milk for Norn now. You had plenty when you were a baby, so don’t be greedy now, all right?” “Of course, Mother.” Rudy agreed easily enough, but I saw a slight hint of regret on his face. Definitely an unusual reaction, coming from him. And extremely adorable. 198Goldenagato | mp4directs.com Maybe I’d tease him a little more. “Hmm. Well, if you’re desperate...once you get yourself a wife, why don’t you ask her if she’ll give you some?” “Good idea. I’ll have to try that out someday.” I was expecting him to get all surly and defensive at this point, but he parried my remark with a calm expression. I suppose he’d figured out I was just messing with him. No fun. But that’s Rudy for you, I suppose. “Don’t go forcing her, mind you.” “Yes, I know.” It always made me feel a bit melancholy to see him acting all grown-up like this. I turned my attention back to Norn, who’d had her fill. After patting her on the back until she let out a little burp, I gently placed her back in her crib. As I wiped off my breast with a cloth, I realized Rudy was staring at me again. Whoever does marry him might have a tough time of it. Sylphie seems like the leading candidate at the moment... and that girl tends to do anything Rudy tells her to. She might not be able to say no, even when she wants to... All right, then. If worst comes to worst, I’ll just have to set him straight. I was Rudy’s mother, after all. Paul might teach him how to seduce women, but I’d teach him how to treat them right. “Goo...” Norn looked quite satisfied now she that had something in her stomach. It didn’t take long for her to start nodding off in her crib. “That’s the way,” I murmured softly, stroking her little head. “Drink lots of milk, get lots of sleep, and grow up nice and healthy.” Unfortunately, Aisha picked this moment to start fussing a little herself. 199Goldenagato | mp4directs.com “Aaah... Waah!” Tearing his eyes away from my breasts, Rudy peered down into the other crib. “Whatsamatter, Aisha? Is your back a widdle itchy?” Just as he’d done for Norn a bit before, he picked Aisha up, checked her diaper, and looked for rashes and insect bites. But after a moment, still holding the baby in his arms, he turned to me with an uncharacteristically anxious expression. I did like seeing different emotions on Rudy’s face, but I didn’t want him looking that troubled very often. “What’s the matter, Rudy?” “Uhm, Mother... Miss Lilia’s a little late today, isn’t she?” “Come to think of it, you’re right.” Normally, she would have returned from her shopping trip by now. Could something have happened? No, no. A group of merchants from the Citadel of Roa were in town. She’d mentioned she was planning to buy a bit more than usual; it was probably just taking a little longer than expected. “Well, you see... about Aisha...” “Yes?” “I think she’s hungry, too.” “Oh, I see.” We tended to feed our babies at the same time, so it made sense they’d both get hungry at the same time as well. Normally, I breastfed Norn while Lilia took care of Aisha, but... At this point, I finally understood that awkward expression on Rudy’s face. Slowly, cautiously, he continued, clearly choosing every word with care. “Mother...there’s no telling when Miss Lilia will get back. I’m sure 200Goldenagato | mp4directs.com Aisha could wait a while, but if she keeps crying, Norn might wake up too, so... uhm...” As a faithful member of the Millis Church, I was still unhappy with both Paul and Lilia for breaking our marriage vows. I knew they didn’t subscribe to my faith, but it was never pleasant to have someone disregard your values. And Rudy had obviously picked up on all of this. He was afraid his suggestion might upset me. He was worried I might even take out my displeasure on his little sister. The boy was clearly anxious. From his perspective, Norn, Aisha, and I were all equally family. And...given where things now stood, I ought to feel the same. Still, was this really a good idea? What if breastfeeding Aisha made me feel anger or revulsion? What if Rudy saw hatred on my face and despised me for it? “Oh, really now. What are you going on about, Rudy? Come on, give me Aisha.” I answered in the kindest voice I could, trying to shake off my own uncertainty. “Of course,” Rudy said. Slowly, hesitantly, he deposited Aisha into my arms. After exposing the opposite breast from the one Norn had just been using, I lifted her up to it. I probably would have felt a bit upset if Aisha had kicked up a fuss at this point, but she latched right on to me and started gulping down milk immediately. Too quietly for Rudy to hear, I breathed a little sigh of relief. I felt the exact same way I did when I was feeding Norn. My heart was full of a warm, pleasant awareness of my own motherhood, and nothing else. How odd. Why had I hesitated, even slightly, to bring Aisha to my breast? Why had I thought this would make me feel unhappy? Why did I think of this as some trial I had to endure? It was all so much simpler than I’d thought. I was a mother. Nothing else really mattered. Whether you’re a member of the Millis Church or not...it doesn’t really make a difference when it comes to things like this. 201Goldenagato | mp4directs.com “She’s certainly guzzling it down, isn’t she?” “Uhm. Well, your milk is delicious, Mother.” “That’s...an odd attempt at flattery, Rudy.” Seeing Aisha happily suckling at my breast, and the contented expression on my own face, Rudy smiled with obvious relief. He clearly regarded protecting his little sisters to be his duty. Very admirable. His desire to become a good big brother, worthy of their adoration, seemed to be quite genuine. “It’s not flattery. I still remember how it tasted.” “Do you really now?” Chuckling softly, I reached down to stroke Aisha’s little head. After a while, she finished up and took her mouth from my breast; only moments later, she was nodding off in my arms, so I lowered her back into her crib. Rudy watched from a distance, his gaze warmer than usual. “Hey, Rudy.” “Yes, what is it?” “Mind if I stroke your head a bit?” “You don’t need to ask my permission. Feel free to pet me anytime.” After slowly sitting at my side, Rudy leaned his head toward me invitingly. I reached down and began to stroke it gently. Rudy was our first child, and he never needed much from us. Most of the time, I didn’t feel like I was much of a parent to him. But recently, that had begun to change. I truly was this boy’s mother. And he truly was my son. Sensing a bit of warmth, I turned in its direction. Spring sunshine was streaming in through the window. Outside, golden fields of wheat stretched out as far as the eye could see. It was the picture of a peaceful spring afternoon. As I gazed quietly out at it, a sense of happiness washed over me. For some reason, I felt utterly content. “I wish this moment could last forever.” “Me too,” Rudy murmured with a nod. 202Goldenagato | mp4directs.com I suppose he also found this little domestic scene pleasantly tranquil. But it was only thanks to him that I could feel the same. If he hadn’t intervened... as a pious member of the Millis Church reduced to one wife of two, I would probably have stormed out of this house with Norn, cursing my misfortune. Or stayed behind, perhaps to take out my resentment on Lilia and Aisha. Thank goodness for Rudy. If he wasn’t such a wise and clever little boy, I never would have experienced this blissful moment. “Rudy...” “Yes, Mother?” “Thank you for being born.” Startled, Rudy looked up at me. After an awkward pause, he scratched his head and answered in an adorably bashful tone of voice. “Well...thank you for having me.” My only reply was another chuckle of amusement. 203Goldenagato | mp4directs.com 204Goldenagato | mp4directs.com 205Goldenagato | mp4directs.com 206Goldenagato | mp4directs.com 207Goldenagato | mp4directs.com 208Goldenagato | mp4directs.com 209Goldenagato | mp4directs.com Thank you for reading! Get the latest news about your favorite Seven Seas books and brand-new licenses delivered to your inbox every week: Sign up for our newsletter! Or visit us online: gomanga.com/newsletter 210Goldenagato | mp4directs.com Table of Contents Color Inserts Title Page Copyrights and Credits Table of Contents Page Prologue Chapter 1: The Young Mistress’s Violence Chapter 2: All According to Plan? Side Story: The Aftermath and the Boreas Greeting Style Chapter 3: Her Ferocity, Unabated Chapter 4: Staff Meeting and Sunday Chapter 5: The Young Miss Turns Ten Chapter 6: Learning A Foreign Language Chapter 7: Absolute Promise Chapter 8: The Turning Point Epilogue Extra Chapter: The Forest Goddess Character Design Concept Gallery About the Author Newsletter Prologue I ran. My pursuer was a single wild animal, but all I could do was run. Terror flooded my heart. I took to the stairs running, zipped through the garden, and used magic to scale the roof, stumbling all the way. “Where did he go?!” The creature’s terrifying voice rang out as it chased me relentlessly. I thought I had some stamina. After all, I had been running long distances and practicing swordplay for the past few years. Now that my confidence had been shattered, the creature seemed to be laughing at me, its crimson hair fluttering as it pursued me so closely that I couldn’t stop for air. Don’t give up, I told myself. No matter how much distance I put between us, it would catch up the moment I started to lose focus. Huff, huff. I was out of breath. I couldn’t run any further. I couldn’t escape it. The only option left was to hide. I groaned and ducked into the shadow of the stairs, behind a decorative plant. The creature’s booming voice echoed throughout the manor. “I will never forgive you!” Those words made my legs tremble. My name is Rudeus Greyrat. I am seven years old. Currently a handsome boy with bright brown hair and rosy cheeks, in my previous life I was an unemployed thirty-four-year-old virgin. A shut-in. In that life, I skipped my parents’ funeral, which got me kicked out of the house. Left in a state of despair, I was run over by a truck and died. But by some trick of fate, I was reincarnated as a baby with my memories still intact. I was little better than garbage before I died, but having seen the error of my ways, I’ve worked hard to live a proper life for the past seven years. 1Goldenagato | mp4directs.com I’ve learned the language here, studied magic, and practiced swordplay. I have a good relationship with my new parents, and even made a cute, childhood friend by the name of Sylphie. But in order for Sylphie and me to attend the same school, I said I would work to earn the money for our tuition, so my father shipped me here to the Citadel of Roa. I’m supposed to spend five years here, attending to the studies of my employer, the Young Mistress, in return for her financial support. And that’s the story so far. “Come out here! I’m going to pulverize you!” The creature’s words struck fear into me as I hid in the shadows. I was terrified of this personification of rage, manifested in the form of a tiny female body. What happened, you ask? Let’s go back an hour ago to find the answer... 2Goldenagato | mp4directs.com Chapter 1: The Young Mistress’s Violence It was evening when I arrived in the City of Roa. Buena Village and the City of Roa are a day’s coach ride apart, a journey of six to seven hours. Just the right distance, neither too near nor too far. Roa is a lively city, one of the largest in this area. The first thing that caught my eye were the citadel’s walls. Sturdy walls, seven to eight meters tall, that wrapped around the city. Horse-drawn carriages came and went through the gigantic gate. As our coach passed through it, I saw lines of merchant stalls. The first thing that greeted me inside the city was a horse stable and an inn. A crowd of people bustled to and fro: merchants, townspeople, and even armor-clad warriors. It was truly like something out of a fantasy novel. I glanced at what seemed like a waiting station, where people sat with large amounts of luggage. What’s that about? I wondered. “Ghislaine, do you know what that is?” I asked the person with me. She had ears and a tail like an animal, with dark brown skin that her sparse leather armor showed in wide swathes. She was a tall and muscular swordswoman. There were seven tiers in the Sword God Style and Ghislaine Dedoldia was third from the top, with such impressive skills that she was known as a Sword King. She would be the one teaching me the art of the sword. She was like a second master to me. “You...” She turned irritably toward me. “Are you trying to make fun of me?” She scowled ferociously, and I jumped. “No, I was just... I wondered what that was. I didn’t know so I hoped you would tell me.” “Oh, sorry. That’s what you meant.” She saw that I was on the verge of tears and hurried to explain. “That’s the waiting area for the stagecoach. It’s what people normally use to travel between cities. The other option is paying 3Goldenagato | mp4directs.com a peddler for a ride.” As the coach went on, Ghislaine continued pointing out each place and explained it to me. That’s the weapon smithy, that’s the pub, that’s one branch of the Adventurer’s Guild, and that place is better left unvisited. Ghislaine had a stern face, but she was kind. The atmosphere changed as we passed one street corner. There were lines of stores aimed at adventurers, a weapon smithy and an armor smithy, and farther within, lines of shops for the townspeople. Residential homes were nestled deep in the alleyways. If you thought about it, intruders would have to attack the city from the outside in. It was obvious then that the city was constructed such that the deeper you went inward, the bigger the houses became and the more luxurious the goods shops offered. The closer you lived to the center, the richer you were. A gigantic building was nestled right in the middle of the city. “That is the liege lord’s manor,” Ghislaine said. “It looks more like a castle than a manor.” “Well, this is a fortified city after all.” Roa was an ancient city with a noble past. Four hundred years ago it was the last bastion of defense in the war against the demon race. That was why there was a castle in the city’s center. That said, despite its mighty origin story, the nobles of the imperial capital currently saw Roa as nothing more than a crude backwater full of adventurers. “The fact that we came here must mean that the Young Mistress I’m to teach is of high social status.” Ghislaine shook her head. “Not quite.” “Huh?” There was the lord’s manor right before us. By my reckoning, the only people who lived here had to be people of high social rank. Was my theory wrong? As soon as I began wondering, the coachman gave a small nod to the gatekeeper of the lord’s manor. “So, she must be the Lord’s daughter.” 4Goldenagato | mp4directs.com “No.” “She’s not?” “Not quite.” I felt like there was some hidden meaning behind her words. What could it be? The carriage came to a stop. When we entered the manor, a butler led us to what looked to be a reception room. We were pointed to two sofas lined up together. This would be my first interview ever. I had to play it cool. “Please take a seat there.” While I took a seat upon the sofa, Ghislaine silently drew away and stood watch in the corner of the room. I bet she picked that spot so she could survey the entire room, I thought. In my previous life, I would have pegged her for a middle school nerd that watched too much anime. “The Young Master should be returning shortly. Please wait here until he does.” The butler poured what I guessed to be tea into an expensive-looking cup. Then he retreated and stood by the entrance to the room. I took a sip of the steaming drink. Not bad. I wasn’t particularly well- versed in teas, but it seemed like the expensive sort. Since the man didn’t pour any for Ghislaine, it was clear that I was the only one being treated like a guest. “Where is he?!” A voice boomed from outside the room, accompanied by angry, thunderous footsteps. “In here?!” The doors burst open violently, and a buff, muscular man entered the room. He had to be about fifty. Despite the peppering of white in his dark brown hair, he looked in the prime of his life. I put the cup down, stood, and bowed deeply. “It’s nice to meet you. 5Goldenagato | mp4directs.com My name is Rudeus Greyrat.” His nostrils flared. “Hmph, you don’t even know how to introduce yourself!” “Master, Lord Rudeus has never been outside Buena Village. He is still young, I am sure he has not yet had the time to learn proper manners. Surely you can overlook a bit of his...” “And you, shut up!” That rebuke silenced the butler immediately. 6Goldenagato | mp4directs.com 7Goldenagato | mp4directs.com If this were the master of the house, that meant he was my employer, right? He certainly was angry. There must have been something about me he found lacking. I’d tried to be as polite as I could when I introduced myself, but perhaps the etiquette of nobles was different here. “Hmph. So I guess Paul didn’t even see fit to teach his own son manners!” “I’ve been told my father detests formality, which is why he left his father’s house. I suspect that’s also why he didn’t teach me any of it.” “Already with the excuses! You’re just like him!” “Did my father really make that many excuses?” “Yes! An excuse every time he opened his mouth. If he wet the bed, an excuse! If he got into a fight, an excuse! If he played hooky, an excuse!” He was really going off about this. “Even you! If you wanted to learn manners, you could have done it! The only reason you didn’t is because you didn’t put any effort in!” Part of me agreed with him. I was so preoccupied with magic and swordplay that I hadn’t tried learning anything else. Perhaps I had been too narrow-minded. The best response was to concede my mistake. “You’re right. It’s my own failing that I lack the proper manners. I apologize for that.” As I lowered my head, he stomped his foot so hard the floor creaked. “However! I will acknowledge that you made a valiant effort instead of being defensive about your lack of education on etiquette! I will permit you to stay here!” I wasn’t sure what was going on, but at least he said I could stay. With that, the master of the house turned and strode out of the room, his shoulders stiff and firm. “He is the liege lord of the Fittoa Region, Sauros Boreas Greyrat. He is also Master Paul’s uncle,” said the butler. So he was the liege lord. His intensity made me worry about how good he was at governing. Then again, there were many adventurers around these parts, so maybe you needed a forceful personality to be a proper liege lord. 8Goldenagato | mp4directs.com Wait. Did the butler say Greyrat and uncle? In other words, that meant... “He’s my great uncle then?” “Yes.” I knew it. So, Paul had used his connection to a family member, albeit one he was estranged from. I never dreamed he came from such a noble family. He had quite the privileged upbringing. “What’s going on, Thomas? You left the door wide open.” Someone appeared in the doorway: a thin, lightweight man with sleek brown hair. “It seems like Father is in a cheery mood. Did something happen?” Because he called the liege lord father, I guessed he was Paul’s cousin. The butler said, “This is the Young Master. Pardon me. Just a moment ago, the Master met with Lord Rudeus. It seems he was pleased by him.” “Ah-ha. If he’s the kind of person my father likes...perhaps I’ve chosen incorrectly?” He took a seat on the sofa across from me. Oh, right, I should introduce myself, I remembered. “A pleasure to make your acquaintance. My name is Rudeus Greyrat.” Just as I did a moment ago, I bowed deep and lowered my head. “Ah yes, and I am Philip Boreas Greyrat. Nobles greet each other by putting their right hand on their chest and bowing the head slightly. You must have angered my father with your incorrect approach, yes?” “Like this?” I followed his example and bowed my head slightly. “Yes, that’s right. Although your attempt a moment ago wasn’t bad. It was still polite. I’m sure if a worker greeted my father like that, he would be pleased. Now please, sit.” He flounced back upon on the sofa with a loud thud. I followed his example and took my seat. And now the interview begins. “How much have you heard?” “I was told that if I spent five years here teaching the Young Mistress, I would be given enough money to cover the tuition costs for attending the University of Magic.” 9Goldenagato | mp4directs.com “Is that all?” “Yes.” “I see.” He put his hand on his chin and gazed at the table as if lost in thought. “Do you like girls?” “Not as much as my father.” “Oh really? Then you pass.” W-wait, what? Wasn’t that a bit fast? “Right now, the only people that girl likes is Edna, her etiquette tutor, and Ghislaine, her sword trainer. I have already dismissed more than five people. Among those was a man who taught in the imperial city.” I understood he was implying that just because someone taught in the imperial city didn’t mean they were any good at it. “And how is that relevant to whether I like girls or not?” “It’s not. It’s just that Paul was the type of man who would work as hard as he could if it was for a cute girl. So I figured you were probably the same.” He shrugged. I should have been the one shrugging. Please don’t lump us in the same category. “I’ll be honest, I don’t expect much from you. I just figured that since you’re Paul’s son, I may as well give you a try.” “You’re right, that was very honest,” I said. “What, you mean you’re confident you can do it?” No, not at all. Though that wasn’t something I could say in this situation. “I won’t know until I actually meet her.” Besides, I could just imagine Paul’s mocking laughter if I failed at this job and had to find another. I knew it, you’re still just a kid, he would say. This was no joke. I wouldn’t tolerate being looked down upon by someone who was technically younger than me. Hmm... “Look, I’ll go meet her and if it looks like she’s going to give me trouble...I can try using one of my tricks.” This was an opportunity to use 10Goldenagato | mp4directs.com some knowledge from my previous life. The perfect way to make a spoiled, bratty girl listen to me. “A trick? What do you mean?” I gave him a simple explanation. “We’ll have someone associated with your house kidnap us while I’m with the Young Mistress. Then I’ll use my reading, writing, and arithmetic skills, as well as my magic, so the two of us can escape and return safely back here. That’s the gist of it.” Philip stared blankly for a moment, but realization dawned and he nodded. “In other words, you’re trying to get her to study of her own free will. Interesting. But are you sure this will work?” “I think it has a better chance of working than adults forcing her into it.” This was a frequent plot device in anime and manga: a child that hated studying who learned the importance of education after being caught up in something they needed their wits to escape. It didn’t really matter if the ones orchestrating it were her family, right? “Is this something Paul taught you? As one of the ways to get a girl to fall for you?” “No. My father doesn’t have to go that far to be popular with women.” “Popular, huh... Pfft.” Philip burst into laughter. “That’s right. He’s always been popular. He doesn’t have to do anything and the girls come right to him anyway.” “Every person he’s introduced me to has been one of his mistresses. Even Ghislaine.” “Yes, I’m incredibly envious of him.” “I’m worried he might even lay his hands on the childhood friend I left behind in Buena Village.” Anxiety hit me the moment those words left my lips. Five years from now... Sylphie would have grown a lot in that time. I would hate to return home to find that she had become part of my father’s harem. “Don’t worry. Paul is only interested in adult women.” As Philip said that, he gazed at Ghislaine in the corner of the room. 11Goldenagato | mp4directs.com “Oh.” I realized what he meant. Ghislaine definitely had a very... developed figure. Come to think of it, so did Zenith and Lilia. What was so developed, you ask? Their breasts of course. “You should be fine, it’s only five years. She may mature some, but I doubt she will get that big, since she has elf blood in her veins. Even Paul isn’t that much of a fiend.” Could I trust that? Besides which, how did he know that Sylphie was part elf? Maybe I was better off assuming there were no secrets about the time I spent in Buena Village. “I’m more worried about whether you’ll seduce my daughter.” “Why are you worried about that when I’m only seven?” Jeez, what a rude thing to say. I wasn’t going to do anything. And if she went and fell for me of her own accord, well, it wouldn’t be my fault. “In Paul’s letter about you, he said he was sending you away because you spent too much time playing with women. I thought it was just a joke, but after hearing your plan, I’m starting to doubt that.” “That’s only because I had no friends besides Sylphie.” Whom I was trying to raise into my perfect, obedient woman. Also, it was none of his business. “Well, we won’t make any progress by talking. You need to meet my daughter. Thomas, bring him to her.” Philip stood. And so, I finally met her. *** Arrogant. That was my first thought when I saw her. She was two years older than me, her eyes sharp and narrow, and her hair wavy. It was also such a pure shade of crimson it looked like someone threw a bucket of paint on her. My first impression of her was that she was fierce. I had no doubt she would be a beauty one day, but I predicted that most men would find her too much to handle. Maybe if you were a serious masochist... Well, okay, 12Goldenagato | mp4directs.com perhaps not quite that bad. Either way, she was a dangerous one. My instincts screamed warnings as I got close to her. But it wasn’t like I could just run away. So instead I greeted her just as Philip had instructed me. “It’s a pleasure to meet you. I’m Rudeus Greyrat.” “Hmph!” She took one look at me and her nostrils flared, just like her grandfather’s. She had her arms crossed firmly over her chest as she glared down at me—both figuratively and literally, since she was taller than I was. Her expression turned sour as she said, “What’s this, he’s younger than I am! And yet he’s supposed to teach me? Stop joking around!” 13Goldenagato | mp4directs.com 14Goldenagato | mp4directs.com I knew it—she had a lot of pride. But I couldn’t just back down. “I don’t think age has anything to do with it,” I said. “Oh yeah?! Do you have some sort of problem with me?!” Her voice was so loud my ears rang. “What I’m saying, Miss, is that there are things I can do that you can’t.” The moment I said that, her hair appeared to stand straight up, like a physical manifestation of her anger. It was terrifying. Aww, crap, why do I have to be afraid of a girl that’s not even ten yet! “Certainly full of yourself, aren’t you! Just who do you think I am?!” I tamped my fear down and answered. “You’re my second cousin, right?” “Second...? What the heck is that?” “It means my father is the cousin of your father. In other words, you’re the granddaughter of my great uncle.” “What are you on about?! I don’t understand!” Maybe that wasn’t the best way to word it? Perhaps I should just tell her that we were related. “You have heard of Paul, right?” “Of course not!” “Oh, all right.” That was unexpected. Apparently, she didn’t know who he was. Not that it really mattered how we were related. It was more important to get her talking. After all, when you first start a video game, the best way to build up a relationship with an NPC is to talk to them repeatedly. Just as I thought that, she lifted her hand and slapped me. “Huh...?” It was so abrupt. She just struck me across the face. Slightly confused, I asked her, “Why did you hit me?” “Because you’re acting so full of yourself even though you’re younger than me!” “So that’s it.” My cheek was still hot where she slapped me. It stung. 15Goldenagato | mp4directs.com That hurt, I thought. My second impression of her was that she was violent. I guess it looked like I had no other option. “All right, then I’ll return the gesture.” “What?!” I didn’t wait for her response, I just slapped her. Smack! It wasn’t a very pleasant sound. Oh well, it was probably weak because I’m not used to slapping people. That’s fine. At least she felt the pain, I reassured myself. “Now do you understand—” How it feels to be slapped, was what I was trying to say, but out of the corner of my eye, I saw her hair stand up as she drew back her fist. It was the exact same pose as a Nio statue, one of Buddha’s divine and wrathful guardians. Just as I thought that, her fist made contact. Her leg caught mine the moment I began to stumble. Then her hand slammed against my chest, forcing me to the ground. Seconds later she was perched on top of me. By the time I realized what was going on, she had my arms pinned under her knees. H-huh? I can’t move? I panicked. “Hey, wait!” The sound of my dismay was drowned out by her howling. “Who do you think you just raised a hand against?! I’ll make you regret that!” Her fist came down on me like a hammer. “Ouch, ow, that hurts! Wait, what, no, stop!” I took five punches before I managed to use my magic to get away. Though my legs threatened to buckle under me, I forced myself upright and rounded on her for a counterattack. I smacked her in the face with a wave of wind magic. “...You’re not going to get away with that.” My attack had thrown her, but it didn’t stop her for even a moment. She came flying at me with the look of the devil on her face. I realized my mistake the moment I saw her expression. Stumbling, I ran for it. She wasn’t the kind of young mistress I was used to. She wasn’t the 16Goldenagato | mp4directs.com whimsical, selfish type that made decisions based on their feelings in the moment. She was more like the delinquent protagonist of a manga! Maybe I could have beaten her up with my magic, but I doubted it would make her listen to me. She would bide her time to recover, then come back for revenge. I could hit her with magic each time, but her resolve would never waver. Unlike a manga protagonist, she seemed the type to fight dirty too. She might throw a vase at me from the top of the stairs or come at me from the shadows with a wooden sword. She would do anything to make sure she returned the damage she received tenfold. If the opportunity came, she would hold nothing back. This was no joke. I couldn’t use healing magic because I couldn’t stop to chant the spell. But so long as we kept this up, there was no way she would listen to what I had to say. I was going to have to use brute force to make her listen to me. That, however, was the one decision I couldn’t make right now. There, now we’re all caught up. *** Exhausted from her pursuit, the Young Mistress eventually gave up and returned to her room. She didn’t manage to find me, but it was close. I felt numb as that red-haired demon went by me. I’d never imagined I would experience being the protagonist of a horror movie in this way. Utterly exhausted, I returned to Philip, who was waiting for me with a bitter smile on his face. “So, how did it go?” “It didn’t go at all,” I answered, on the verge of tears. When she was punching me, I thought she might actually kill me. When I ran away, I was nearly in tears. It had been so long since I felt like this. Still, I had experienced this 17Goldenagato | mp4directs.com before. Not that I was carrying the trauma with me or anything. “Well, going to give up then?” “No, I’m not.” How could I? I hadn’t accomplished anything. If I backed down now, it meant I got punched for nothing. “I want your cooperation to do what we talked about before.” I bowed my head to him, sharp and low. I was going to teach that beast what true fear really was. “All right. Thomas, make the preparations.” Right on cue, the butler took his leave. Philip said, “You really do have some interesting ideas.” “You think so?” “I do. You are the only teacher to have come to me with such an ambitious plan.” “I think it will be effective though.” Still, I was a little nervous. Would my little trick really work on someone with her personality? Phillip shrugged and said, “Depends on how hard you work.” Naturally. And so, we began working on our plan. *** I entered the room they gave me. It was exquisitely furnished. It had a large bed and other heavily decorated furniture, beautiful curtains, and a brand-new bookcase. All it needed was an air-conditioner and a computer and it would be a shut-in’s paradise. It was a nice room. This had to be a guest room, rather than servants’ quarters, given to me because I bore the name Greyrat. For some reason, most of their maids were beastfolk. I heard they discriminated against demons in this country, but it seemed the beastfolk were a different matter. “Ah, Paul, you bastard. This is one hell of a place you shipped me off to.” I sank onto the bed and put my throbbing head in my hands. Probably a 18Goldenagato | mp4directs.com lingering effect from the punching. I muttered a chant to heal my wounds. “At least it’s better than what happened in my previous life.” Sure, the part where I got punched and kicked out of the house was the same. But this time things would be different. I wouldn’t just be left out in the cold. There was a world of difference between my present and my past. Paul would make sure of that. He had already prepared a job for me, as well as a place to sleep. He even gave me some spending money. That was more than enough. If my old family had done that much for me, maybe I could have turned my life around. If they had found a job for me, a place for me to live, and watched over me to make sure I didn’t run away... No, that would have never happened. I was a thirty-four-year-old with no work history. They abandoned me because there was nothing they could do with me. Anyway, I doubted I would have changed even if they did that for me. I probably wouldn’t have even tried to get work at all. If they took my computer, my only love, away from me, I would have probably contemplated suicide. Things were different now because I was different. Because I decided I would work and earn money this time. I may have been forced into this situation, but the timing was perfect. Perhaps I had misunderstood Paul. “But he didn’t have to send me here to deal with that.” What the hell was that rage-filled creature anyways? In all my forty years of life I had never seen something like that before. Terrifying wasn’t the word for it. It was violent. Like a pressure cooker exploding. Bad enough to give you PTSD. I may have wet my pants a little. Whereas most Japanese blades had a blunt side, she was like a double- edged sword. Like a bottle of poison that had been spilled all over the place. Now I understand why she was kicked out of school. There had been experience in the way she swung her fists at me. Those were fists that were used to punching people. Fists that had pummeled people regardless of whether they resisted or not. 19Goldenagato | mp4directs.com She was only nine and yet so skilled at rendering her opponents powerless. Could I really teach someone like that? I’d talked to Philip about our plan. First, we would kidnap her and give her a taste of what it felt like to be powerless. That was when I would come in to help her. This way, she would learn to respect me and attend my lessons obediently. A simple plan, but I knew how it should go. So long as I got the right reaction from her, everything would go smoothly. ...But would it really? She was way more violent than I could have ever imagined. She would bellow and scream until her opponent took the bait, then beat them to a bloody pulp. Her belligerence made it clear just how strong her desire to win was. Was it possible that, even after being abducted, she would be completely unaffected? And that when I went to help her, she would be completely unsurprised and say, “It took you long enough, dirtbag.” It was possible. With her, it was definitely possible. It was likely she would react in a way I couldn’t predict. So I needed to mentally prepare for that. Failure wasn’t an option. I thought about it. I tried coming up with a plan that would definitely allow me to succeed. Yet the more I thought about it, the more muddied my thoughts became. “Please, God, let this plan work.” In the end, I prayed. I didn’t believe in God, and yet, like any other Japanese person, I turned to prayer when I was in trouble. Please, somehow, some way, make this work, I prayed. That was when I realized I had left my treasured panties behind in Buena Village, and I cried. There was no God (a.k.a. Roxy) here. *** NAME: “Young Mistress” 20Goldenagato | mp4directs.com OCCUPATION: Granddaughter of Fittoa’s liege lord PERSONALITY: Fierce DOESN’T: Listen to what people say READING/WRITING: Can write her own name ARITHMETIC: Can add single digit numbers MAGIC: No clue FENCING: Sword God Style – Beginner-tier ETIQUETTE: Can do the Boreas-style greeting PEOPLE SHE LIKES: Grandfather, Ghislaine 21Goldenagato | mp4directs.com Chapter 2: All According to Plan? When I opened my eyes, I found myself in the middle of a dingy storehouse. Sunlight filtered in through an iron-barred window. I was in pain, but as far as I could tell no bones were broken, so I muttered a healing spell to recover. “There we go.” I had fully recovered. My clothes weren’t even torn. This was going exactly as I had planned. My plan to ensnare the Young Mistress was exactly as follows: 1. Go to a clothing store in the city with the Young Mistress. 2. Let her ill-behaved nature do its work and have her want to go outside by herself. 3. Have Ghislaine escort her as usual, then “accidentally” look away and let the Young Mistress give her the slip. 4. I’d follow her, but since I was just the pipsqueak she beat the crap out of, she wouldn’t care about me. 5. She’d treat me like a minion and drag me to the edge of the city (because apparently she has a deep interest in adventurers). 6. Have someone from the Greyrat household appear. 7. Have them knock us both unconscious, take us, and confine us somewhere in a neighboring town. 8. Use magic to stage an escape. 9. Once we were out, I’d tell her I thought we were in a neighboring town. 10. I’d use the money I hid in my underwear to get us on a stagecoach. 11. We’d arrive safely back home, and I’d get to hold my chin high as I lectured the Young Mistress. 22Goldenagato | mp4directs.com Right now, my plan had reached step seven smoothly. All that remained was for me to use my magic, knowledge, wisdom, and courage to make a magnificent escape. To make things more realistic, I would be improvising a little from here. I was a little nervous about how well that would go. “Hm...?” However, things were a bit different from what I’d planned. This storehouse was covered in dust, and in one corner was a broken chair and a discarded suit of armor with a hole in it. My plan was to be somewhere a bit cleaner than this. Then again, we did say we’d make this as believable as possible, so I guess this was the result. “Mm...uungh...?” The Young Mistress woke a few moments later. She opened her eyes, didn’t recognize her surroundings, and tried jumping to her feet. But since her hands were tied behind her back, she fell over and squirmed like a caterpillar instead. She lost her cool the moment she realized she couldn’t move. “What the hell is this?! Stop messing around! Who the hell do you think I am?! Untie me immediately!” Her voice was unbearably loud. I’d noted this back at the manor too. She really didn’t dial down her volume in this small space at all. I’d thought maybe she raised her voice because the manor was so huge and she wanted people to hear her in every corner of the complex when she spoke. But no, she was her grandfather’s granddaughter. Sauros was also the type to shout down his opponent, even if he doted on his granddaughter, and she must have seen how her grandfather intimidated the servants and Philip. Children loved to imitate what they saw, especially if it was something bad. “Shut up already, you damn brat!” The door banged open and in came a man, probably because of her screaming. His clothes were all ragged and a foul stench clung to him. He was bald and his face unshaven. I wouldn’t have been surprised if he’d pulled out 23Goldenagato | mp4directs.com a business card that said, “Hi, I’m a bandit!” Nice choice, I thought. Now she would never figure out that we staged everything. “Eww! You stink! Don’t you dare come close to me! You smell awful! Who the hell do you think I am?! Any minute now, Ghislaine is going to come in here and split you in two—gah!” Whack! She was sent flying with an audible whoosh. A loud cry left her mouth as she smacked into the wall. “Damn brat! Think you can mouth off to me, huh?! We already know you’re the liege lord’s grandchildren!” The man didn’t hold anything back as he began stomping on the Young Mistress, whose hands were still tied behind her back. Th-that’s going a little far, isn’t it? “Th-that hurts... Stop—guh! Stop, agh... Stop it...” “Puh!” He continued kicking her for a while. When he finished, he spat on her face and glared at me. I turned my head to avoid his gaze, and a kick came flying at my face. “...Argh!” That hurt! We were supposed to be putting on an act, but he could have showed a little restraint. I did tell them that I could use healing magic, but... “Tsk! That’s for looking so damn happy!” He exited the storehouse. I could hear voices beyond the door. “Did they shut up?” “Yeah.” “You didn’t kill ’em, did you? Bang up the merch too bad and it’ll lose its value.” There was something strange about the conversation. It was too realistic...which would have been fine if it were just an act. The problem was that it didn’t seem like one. Maybe, just maybe, this was the real deal. “Oh? Eh, I’m sure it’ll be fine. At the very least, we should be fine as long as we still have the boy.” 24Goldenagato | mp4directs.com Not good. “...” After the voices went away, I counted to 300 before I burned through the ropes tying my hands. I went over to where the Young Mistress was lying. Blood was pouring out of her nose. She stared blankly as she mumbled something to herself. I realized she was muttering, “You won’t get away with this,” and, “I’m going to tell my grandpa,” among other more dangerous utterances that I couldn’t bear to listen to. For now, I needed to assess her injuries. “Eek!” It must have hurt, because her head snapped up as she looked at me, fear in her eyes. I put a finger to my lips and monitored her reaction as I looked her over. She had two broken bones. “O goddess of motherly affection, close up this one’s wounds and restore the vigor to their body—X-Healing!” I chanted a mid-level healing spell in a low voice, restoring the Young Mistress’s body to health. Unfortunately, just putting in more magical energy wouldn’t make healing spells more effective. Hopefully what I did was enough to heal her wounds properly. She would be fine so long as her bones knitted back together the right way. “H-huh? The pain is...?” She looked down at her body, puzzled. I whispered in her ear, “Shh, be quiet. Your bones were broken so I used healing magic. Young Mistress, it appears we have been abducted by people that bear a grudge against the liege lord. Therefore...” She wasn’t listening. “Ghislaine! Ghislaine, help! They’re going to kill me! Save me, hurry!” Her bellowing voice echoed through the room. I immediately hid the rope that had bound my hands beneath my clothes, scurried to the corner of the room and hid my hands between my back and the wall, pretending I was still restrained. The power of the Young Mistress’s voice was enough to draw the man 25Goldenagato | mp4directs.com back, and the door banged open viciously. “Shut the hell up!” This time he kicked her even harder than before. She really doesn’t learn, I thought. “Little shit, next time you fuss, I’ll kill you!” And of course, I got kicked a second time too. I didn’t do anything, why did you have to kick me?! Now I feel like crying, I thought as I returned to the Young Mistress’s side. “Guhuh, guhuh...” It was bad. I wasn’t sure if it was a broken rib, but she was vomiting blood. One of her internal organs had probably ruptured. Her arms and legs were broken too. I didn’t know much about medical treatment, but these wounds looked serious enough that she might die if I just left her like this. “Let this divine power be as satisfying nourishment, giving one who has lost their strength the strength to rise again—Healing!” For now, I decided to use a basic healing spell for a slight recovery. The blood coming from her mouth stopped. At least now she wouldn’t die...probably. “Guhuh... I-It still hurts. H-heal...all of it.” “No. If I heal you, you’ll just get yourself kicked again, right? Use your own magic.” “I-I can’t...do that.” “You could if you learned how.” With that, I went to the storehouse entrance and pressed my ear to the door. I wanted to hear more of our captors’ conversation. This was completely different from my plan. No matter the reason, they had gone too far. “So, we gonna sell to that one guy?” “No, let’s use ’em for ransom.” “Won’t they hunt us down?” “I don’t care. If that happens, we’ll just go to a neighboring country.” 26Goldenagato | mp4directs.com So, they really did intend to sell us off. It seemed like we had entrusted the kidnapping scheme to someone close to the family but had instead gotten mixed up with real kidnappers. I wondered where the plan went wrong. Was it the moment we were kidnapped? Or was Philip really trying to sell his daughter? No, the latter was unlikely. Oh well. Either way, my job was still the same. This just meant we had no safety net. “We’d get more for ransoming ’em than we would for selling, right?” “Let’s decide by tonight.” “Yeah, sell or ransom.” They seemed to disagree whether they should sell us somewhere or demand ransom from the liege lord. Either way, they would be moving us out of here tonight. We had to get moving while there was still light. “All right.” What to do? I could smash the door and subdue our kidnappers with magic. Maybe if she saw me defeat the people who had beat her senseless, the Young Mistress would learn to respect... No, that was unlikely. She was the type to think she could have done the same if they hadn’t beat her up. Plus, that would just show her that violence brings results. I needed to teach her that violence earned you nothing, otherwise she would just keep punching me. I didn’t want her to feel like she had that power. There’s also no guarantee you’d be able to beat those kidnappers, I realized. If they were as strong as Paul or Ghislaine, I was positive I would lose. And if I lost, they would definitely kill me. All right, then let’s get out of here without messing with the kidnappers. I glanced back to check on the Young Mistress. Yikes. She was glaring at me, eyes full of anger. Hmmm. Let’s just get started with the plan. First, I used earth and fire magic to fill the cracks in the door. Then I 27Goldenagato | mp4directs.com melted the door knob so the handle couldn’t be turned. Now it was just a door that couldn’t be opened. Of course, that meant nothing if they smashed through it. Still, it would buy us some time. Next, the window. It was a small hole with metal bars set in it. I considered focusing my fire magic on one spot to burn through the iron, but that would need temperatures too high to be practical. In the end, I used water magic to loosen the bricks framing the iron bars. Once I successfully pried them out, what was left was a hole just large enough for a single child to fit through. Now we had an escape route. “Young Mistress. It seems the people who kidnapped us have a grudge against the liege lord. Their friends are going to be here tonight. They were just talking about how they’re going to beat us to death.” “Th-that has to be lie...right?” Of course it was. But the Young Mistress’s face had turned pale anyway. “I don’t want to die so...goodbye.” I grabbed the ledge of the empty window frame and hoisted myself up. At the same time, a voice came through the door. “Hey, this won’t open! What the hell is goin’ on!” Bang, bang! They pounded on the door. The Young Mistress eyed me and the door in despair. “D-don’t...leave me behind... Help.” Oh wow. She caved quicker than I thought. I guess this situation was terrifying even for her. I dropped to the floor, got close to her, and whispered, “Can you promise to listen to everything I say until we get back to the house?” “I-I’ll listen, sure.” “Can you also promise you won’t yell? Ghislaine isn’t here, okay?” She nodded vigorously. “I-I’ll promise. So just hurry up...or they’ll come... They’ll come!” 28Goldenagato | mp4directs.com Her demeanor had changed completely from when she punched me. She was filled with fear and unease. Good, now she understood. I tried to sound calm and cool. “If you break your promise, I will leave you behind.” I reinforced the door with earth magic. Then I used fire to remove her bindings and healing to restore her to full health. Finally, I slipped out the window and pulled the Young Mistress out with me. *** Once we escaped the storehouse, we were greeted by an unfamiliar town. There were no castle walls. This wasn’t Roa. It wasn’t small enough to be a village, but it was a very small town. I had to think fast, or they were going to find us. “Hmph, this is far enough!” The Young Mistress declared loudly. She seemed to think we had already outrun our enemy. “You promised you wouldn’t shout until we got home.” “Hmph! Why do I have to keep any promises to you?” she said, as if it were the most obvious thing in the world. This little brat! “Oh really? Then this is where we part. Goodbye.” “Hmph!” She flared her nostrils and began walking away, but then we heard distant, angry shouts. “Those damn brats! Where the hell did they go?!” They must have busted the door down or seen that the window bars were missing. Either way, they knew we had fled and were looking for us. “...Eek!” the Young Mistress yelped and scurried back to me. “Th-that was a lie a second ago. I won’t shout anymore. Now take me home!” “I’m not your servant, nor am I your slave.” It irritated me how she changed her mind so easily. 29Goldenagato | mp4directs.com “Wh-what are you saying? You’re my tutor, right?” “No, I’m not.” “Huh?” “You said you didn’t like me, so I wasn’t hired.” “W-well, I’ll hire you then,” she said reluctantly. I needed a real promise this time. “Again with the promises. Once we get back to the manor, you’ll just break it just like you did a second ago, right?” I said, hoping I sounded unaffected and distant, yet confident that she wouldn’t keep her word. “I-I won’t break my promise, so...I demand—no, I mean...help me.” “You can come with me, as long as you keep your promise not to shout and listen to what I say.” “G-got it.” She nodded meekly. Very good, I thought. Now let’s move on to the next step. First, I retrieved the five large copper coins I’d tucked into my underwear. This was all the money I owned. Ten large copper coins made up one silver coin, so this wasn’t much money, but it would be enough for our purposes. “Now come with me please.” We headed toward the town entrance, away from the distant sound of angry shouting. A sleepy guard stood on duty. I passed him one of my coins. “If anyone asks if you’ve seen us, please tell them that we left the city.” “Huh? What? Children? Okay, I guess. You guys playing hide and seek or something? This is a lot of money. Jeez, just what wealthy family are you two from...” “Please, just tell them what I said.” “Yeah, I got it.” It was a rude reply, but we couldn’t afford to linger. Next, I headed to the stagecoach’s waiting area. The fare and terms of use were written on the wall, but I had already read that information days ago. Instead, I was looking for the town’s location. “It looks like we’re two cities away from Roa, in a town called 30Goldenagato | mp4directs.com Wieden,” I whispered to the Young Mistress. Keeping to her promise, she replied in a hushed voice, “How can you tell?” “It’s written right there.” “I can’t read it.” Here we go, I thought. “Being able to read is really beneficial. The way the stagecoach works is also written here.” Still, it was amazing that they’d managed to bring us this far in just a day’s time. It made me nervous being in a city I didn’t know, almost like I was reliving a previous trauma. No, no, I thought. This is completely different from that time when I didn’t know how to find the location for Hello Work. As I was lost in thought, the sound of shouting drew close. “Shit! Where the hell are they hiding?! Get out here!” “Hide!” I grabbed the Young Mistress and ducked into the bathroom, locking the door behind us. Outside came the clamor of heavy footsteps. “Where the hell are they?!” “Don’t you dare think you got away from us!” Whoa, scary. Oh, just knock it off already. Acting all pissed off as you try to hunt us down... You could at least speak in a sweet voice like an owner trying to draw out their cat. Maybe you would have some chance of deceiving us into coming out. It wouldn’t work, of course, but at least you’d have a chance. “Dammit, they’re not here!” Before long, their voices grew distant. We had a moment to relax a bit, though it was too soon to let our guard down. After all, when people were in a panic, they tended to circle around and search the same area repeatedly. “A-are we okay?” She held a trembling hand over her mouth. “Well, if they find us, let’s put up a good fight.” 31Goldenagato | mp4directs.com “R-right... Okay!” “Though I doubt we can win.” “R-really...?” I said it because she looked like she was getting her fighting spirit back. I didn’t want to get pummeled by them another time. “I was looking at the fare for the stagecoach, and it looks like we’ll have to change coaches twice to get back.” “Change coaches?” She seemed confused as to why that mattered. “Only five stagecoaches leave here daily, one every two hours starting at eight in the morning. It’s the same for every city. And it takes three hours to get to the next city from here. If we leave right now, we’ll be on the fourth stagecoach for the day. In other words...” “In other words...?” “By the time we reach the neighboring city, the last stagecoach there will already have left for Roa. So we will have to spend one night in that town before we can leave.” “No wa... O-oh, I see. Hm.” She looked like she was about the shout there for a moment, but she held herself back. Yeah, please try to restrain that loud voice of yours. “I have four large copper coins left, but we have to go to the neighboring city, stay a night, then go to Roa. We’ll be cutting it close.” “Cutting it close... But it will be enough, right?” “It will.” She looked relieved, but it was too early for us to relax yet. “As long as no one tries to cheat us out of change, that is.” “Out of change...?” She made a face like she didn’t know what I was talking about. Maybe she had never used money for herself before. “When the people running the inn or stagecoaches see that we’re children, they’ll probably think we can’t calculate prices, right? That means they might try to cheat us by skimming off the top and only giving us a little change back. Now if you point out that it’s not the right amount of change, 32Goldenagato | mp4directs.com they’ll give the rest to you. But, if you don’t know how to calculate it, then...” “Then what?” “Then we won’t have enough for the last stagecoach. And those guys from before will catch up to us.” She began trembling, as if she would pee herself at any minute. “The bathroom is over there.” “I-I know that.” “All right, then I’ll go have a look outside.” When I tried leaving, she grabbed the hem of my shirt. “D-don’t go,” she said. So I let her take a pee before we went back outside. It seemed like our two pursuers had gone, but I wasn’t sure if they were still searching inside or outside the city. If we ran into them, I would have to overpower them with my magic. As we hid in a corner of the wait area, I prayed they were opponents I could defeat. When it was time to leave, I handed my money to the coachman and we boarded. *** We arrived in the neighboring city without any trouble. For the night’s stay, I chose a dilapidated-looking shack to teach the Young Mistress a lesson about how harsh the world could really be. Our beds were made of straw. The Young Mistress was so wired she couldn’t sleep. Every time she heard a sound, she would startle and glare, frightened, at the room’s entrance. When nothing seemed to be amiss, she would breathe a sigh of relief. She did this over and over. The next morning, we hopped on the first stagecoach to Roa. The 33Goldenagato | mp4directs.com Young Mistress must not have slept much at all, because her eyes were bloodshot. And yet, she didn’t seem the least bit tired. Instead, she kept glancing out the back of the stagecoach, checking for possible pursuers. Several times we had a single horseman pass us on his mount, but none of them were our kidnappers. We had covered quite a distance, so maybe they had given up. Or so I naively thought. Hours passed. We arrived in Roa without any problems. Once we passed through those sturdy walls and saw the liege lord’s manor in the distance, a sense of security settled in. Unconsciously, I let my guard down, thinking we were safe now that we had made it this far. We disembarked and headed toward the manor on foot. Our steps felt light. After riding in a stagecoach for hours, on top of sleeping on hay for the first time, I was exhausted. Then, as if they had been waiting for that exact moment, two men grabbed the Young Mistress and pulled her into a back alleyway. “What?!” I had let my guard down; it took me two seconds to notice. In those two seconds that I’d taken my eyes off her, she was gone. I thought maybe she really had disappeared. But out the corner of my eye, I glimpsed clothing that matched what the Young Mistress was wearing, just before she was dragged around the corner of a building. I pursued them immediately. When I darted into the alleyway, I caught sight of the two men, one of whom was carrying the Young Mistress in his arms, trying to make their escape. I quickly used an earth spell to create a wall. The magic leapt from my fingertips and a barrier sprang up in front of them. Their pathway was cut off so suddenly that the men couldn’t stop themselves in time. “What the?!” “Nggh!” The Young Mistress bit down on her gag, tears beading in her eyes. Amazing... They managed to gag her in just a few seconds? They must be well-practiced, I thought. It also looked like they had punched her, because her cheek was swollen and red. 34Goldenagato | mp4directs.com My opponents were the two who had kidnapped us. One of them was the violent one who kicked me, and the other was probably the man I heard talking outside the storehouse. They both looked like bandits, and each had a sword sheathed at their side. “Aha, so it’s that brat. You know you coulda gone back home safely if you woulda just kept your nose out of this.” Despite being caught off guard by the sudden appearance of my dirt wall, they grinned when they saw I was their opponent. The violent one came toward me, his guard down. The other was carrying the Young Mistress. I wondered if they had any other comrades around. Regardless, I conjured a small ball of fire at my fingertips to intimidate him. “Hngh! Bastard!” The moment he saw that, the violent man unsheathed his sword. The other man immediately put up his guard and leveled the tip of his sword against the Young Mistress’s neck while backing up. “You... You damn brat! I thought you seemed too calm! Looks like you’re a bodyguard, huh? No wonder you escaped so easily. Dammit, I was fooled by your appearance! You’re a demon!” “I’m not a bodyguard. I haven’t even been hired yet,” I said. I wasn’t a demon either, but there was no need to correct him about that. “What? Then why the hell are you getting in our way?!” “Well, they plan to hire me after this, so...” “Huh, so you’re after money? After money, huh? He wasn’t necessarily wrong. I was doing this to earn enough money so Sylphie and I could go to university together. “I won’t deny that.” As soon as I said that, the corners of his lips curved up. “Then you should join us. I have connections with a perverted noble that will pay a high price for a young girl from a noble family. I hear the liege lord dotes on his granddaughter, so we could also hold her to ransom. Either way we’d get a ton of money.” “Oho.” I made a sound like I was impressed by their proposition, and 35Goldenagato | mp4directs.com the Young Mistress turned to look at me, her face pale. Maybe she knew I was seeking employment from her family to earn money for tuition. “And exactly how much money would that be?” “This isn’t some piddling one-or-two-gold-coins-a-month job we’re talking about,” he said with a self-satisfied smirk. “It’s got to be a hundred gold coins, at least.” It was almost as if he had no real grasp on the economy here and was trying to brag like a grade school kid saying, “It’s like a million yen! Can you believe it?!” He asked, “What about you? You look like a kid, but I bet you’re much older than you look.” “Why do you think that?” “That magic you just used and how calm you’re acting? It’s obvious. I know there are demons out there like that. I bet you’ve been given a hard time because of your appearance, right? So you understand how important money is, don’t ya?” “I see.” So that was what I looked like from an outside perspective? Well, it was certainly true that I was over forty. Ta-da! Congratulations, you guessed correctly! Good job. “You’re right. After living as long as I have, you get a good sense of the importance of money. I know what it’s like to be thrown out into a world you don’t know much about with no money and only the clothes on your back.” “Heh, yeah, you get us, right?” Very much so, because until this point, I had never worried about money at all. Instead I’d spent almost twenty years as a shut-in. Half of my life had been spent on nothing but erotic sims and online games. I’d learned something thanks to all of that. I knew what it would mean if I betrayed her right here, as well as what would happen if I helped her. “It’s exactly why I know there are things more important than money.” “Don’t start spitting pretty words at us!” 36Goldenagato | mp4directs.com “They’re not pretty words. You can’t buy ‘dere’ with money.” Crap, my inner nerd had slipped out. It wasn’t like these men knew what tsundere meant. “Dere? What the heck is that?” The violent man looked dumbfounded, but at least he understood that our negotiation had broken down. His creepy smile was replaced by a grim look as he put his sword to the Young Mistress’s neck. “Then she’ll be our hostage! First, launch that fire ball into the air.” “You want me to fire it into the air?” “That’s right. You better not aim it at us, not even on accident. No matter how fast you are, we’ll slit this little brat’s throat and use her as a human shield faster than you can hit us.” Wouldn’t you ask someone to disperse their magic instead? Wait, maybe he doesn’t know. It did make sense: a chanted spell would keep going until it was released. If you didn’t learn magic properly, you probably wouldn’t understand the difference between using a chant and not using one. “Roger that.” Before I discharged the Fireball at my fingertip, I used magic to insert another special Fireball inside it. Then I launched it into the air. It made a ridiculous noise as it raced upward. A huge explosion flashed above us. “Huh! “Whoa?! “Ngh?!” The bang was thunderous enough to split eardrums. The light from it was blinding too. The heat it emitted was hot enough to burn you. As everyone looked to the sky, I raced forward. I conjured magic as I ran. Out of habit, I summoned two different spells. In my right hand I had Intermediate-tier wind magic, Sonic Boom. In my left hand I had Intermediate-tier earth magic, Stone Cannon. I fired one spell each at the men in front of me. “Gyaaaah!” 37Goldenagato | mp4directs.com Sonic Boom cut the arm off the violent man who was distracted by the explosion. I caught the Young Mistress snugly in my arms, princess-style, as she fell screaming from his grasp. “Tch! It’s not that easy!” I glanced at the other bandit and realized he’d cut my Stone Cannon in two with his blade. “Ugh...” This was bad. He actually managed to slice through it. I didn’t know what school of sword arts he was using, but this wasn’t good. If he were as strong as Paul, we were in trouble. This might not be someone I could beat. “Wah, wah, wah!” I used a mix of wind and fire magic to create an explosion that propelled me into the air. The force of it was so violent that I thought I broke something. The sword came down just a moment too late, narrowly missing me. It cut through the air right in front of my nose, the whistle of it lingering in my ears. That was close. But he wasn’t nearly as fast as Paul, which meant I didn’t have to panic. I had done numerous practice drills against opponents with a sword before. So long as I performed just as well, I could cut my way out of here. I prepared my next magical attack as I hovered mid-air. First, I sent a Fireball straight at his face. It shot slowly toward him. “Is that all you’ve got!” He studied its trajectory, then readied his sword to counter it. While he was waiting for the Fireball to reach him, I used water and earth magic to turn the ground beneath him into a swirling mass of mud. When he tried to cut through my Fireball, he sank up to his knees in thick, sticky mud. Now he couldn’t move. “What?!” Yes, I won! I had, I was sure of it. He couldn’t run now. He may have deflected my Fireball, but we were already beyond his attack range. With the 38Goldenagato | mp4directs.com Young Mistress in my arms, all I had to do was disappear into the confusion of the crowds and we would be safe. Or, if I needed to, I could yell for help. Just as I thought that... “You think I’m gonna let you get away!” He launched his sword at us. It was then that I remembered what Paul had taught me. In the North God Style of swordplay, even if you cut off the opponent’s leg, they still had a technique for throwing their sword at you. The blade flew toward me at a tremendous speed, but I watched it as if in slow motion. It was aimed right at my head. Death. Right as that word popped into my mind, there was a brown blur in front of me. I heard a sound like porcelain shattering, then the sword fell. “Huh?” Someone had come between me and the bandits. They stood with their broad, sturdy back to me. I recognized the ears on the back of their head. It was Ghislaine Dedoldia. She glanced back at me and nodded. “Leave the rest to me,” she said. The moment she put her hand to the sword at her waist, the tip of it cut through the air in a flash of red light. 39Goldenagato | mp4directs.com 40Goldenagato | mp4directs.com “Huh...?” The head of the man knee-deep in mud fell from his neck. This was despite the considerable distance between him and Ghislaine, too far for a sword’s reach. “Hey, where the hell did you—“ Her tail flicked and in the next moment, the other man’s head fell. I imagined I heard it thump as it hit the ground. My brain couldn’t catch up with what was happening. All I could do was watch, dumbfounded, as the two bodies crumbled to the ground meters away from where we were standing. It didn’t seem real. I had no idea what just happened. Huh? They’re dead? was all that came into my mind. “Hm. Rudeus, were those two our only enemies?” I snapped back to the moment. “Uh, yeah. Thank you. Miss... Ghislaine?” “Drop the miss, just call me Ghislaine.” She looked back and nodded. “I saw a sudden explosion in the sky, so I came to check things out. Looks like I made the right choice.” “Y-yeah, you were really fast. I mean, you defeated them in seconds.” Only a minute had passed since my first spell. She got here way too fast, no matter how you cut it. “I was close by. Plus, it wasn’t that fast. Any warrior from the Dedoldia family can kill a person in seconds. By the way, Rudeus, was that your first time fighting with someone using the North God Style?” “It was my first time being in a life-or-death battle,” I said. “Then let me tell you, those kinds of people don’t give up until one side is dead. Be careful.” Until one side is dead... That was right, I almost died. I trembled as I remembered how the bandit’s sword had come flying at me. It was a life-or-death battle. A real life-or-death battle. “L-Let’s go home.” 41Goldenagato | mp4directs.com If I had made even one mistake, I would have died. This really was a different world. A world with magic and swords. What would happen if I died this time? A chill of indescribable fear ran up my spine. *** “Phew...” When we finally reached the manor, the Young Mistress sank to the ground, completely exhausted. Her legs must have given out now that her nerves had settled. The maids anxiously swarmed around her. When they reached out to help her, she batted their hands away and stood up by herself. Her legs were trembling like those of a newborn deer. She stood imposingly, with her arms crossed over her chest. Maybe she had regained her spirits now that she was home. Seeing her this way, the maids seemed to realize something was odd, and stayed back. The Young Mistress thrust her finger at me and bellowed, “I kept my promise and now we’re back home! So I can talk now, right?!” “Oh, yeah. You can talk now.” Hearing how loud she was being again, I realized I had failed. What we had been through was obviously not enough to change this selfish and violent girl. In fact, she might have guessed that I’d been afraid during the battle. Maybe she would point out how high and mighty I’d acted despite being so weak. “I will grant you the special privilege of calling me by my name, Eris!” Her words took me by surprise. “Huh?” “Not just anybody gets to do that, okay?!” So, did that mean...I passed? That I could work here as her tutor? Oh, oh wow! Seriously? S-so, I succeeded?! Yes! “Thank you! Mistress Eris!” “Drop the Mistress! Just call me Eris!” She was imitating Ghislaine. As 42Goldenagato | mp4directs.com soon as she finished, she collapsed. That was how I became the tutor for Eris Boreas Greyrat. *** NAME: Eris B. Greyrat OCCUPATION: Granddaughter of Fittoa’s liege lord PERSONALITY: Fierce DOESN’T: Always listen to what people say READING/WRITING: She can write her own name ARITHMETIC: Can use addition MAGIC: Not interested FENCING: Sword God Style – Beginner-tier ETIQUETTE: Can do the Boreas-style greeting PEOPLE SHE LIKES: Grandfather, Ghislaine 43Goldenagato | mp4directs.com Side Story: The Aftermath and the Boreas Greeting Style The one pulling the strings behind the kidnapping had been the butler, Thomas. He was the person with connections to a perverted noble that the hoodlums had referred to. The Young Mistress had apparently caught that noble’s eye a while ago, and he wanted to beat her fierce and unyielding spirit out of her. Thomas, seduced by the money, added the two men the perverted noble had selected into my plan. Jeez, there really were some shameless people out there in the world. If he was going to do that again, I wish he’d talk to me first. He completely miscalculated by not considering two things. Firstly, that I possessed enough magical prowess to escape the two bandits, and secondly, that those two had no loyalty to him whatsoever. As for the perverted noble, he played innocent and escaped punishment. Part of it was because Thomas’s testimony was inadequate, and part of it was because the two bandits were dead, so we could find no proof of the noble’s involvement. There were too many unknown variables. I suspected political machinations were involved. The incident was considered resolved entirely because of Ghislaine’s involvement. The Greyrat family could tout the fact that they had the Sword King Ghislaine staying with them, preventing possible future incidents while proclaiming the strength and wealth of their house. I was ordered to give all the credit to Ghislaine, even after I told them what transpired. It seemed they didn’t want others in the Greyrat family to know of my existence. Yet more political bargaining, I assumed. The bigger surprise to me was that there were even more Greyrats. “And that’s how it is. Understood?” “Yes...understood.” Philip explained all of this to me in the reception room. I thought he 44Goldenagato | mp4directs.com was just the son of the liege lord, but he was also the town’s mayor. I wondered if he was the one who had settled the whole matter. “You seem pretty relaxed for someone whose daughter was kidnapped.” “I am now. I would be panicking if she were still missing,” he said. “Certainly.” “Now, about you working as Eris’s tutor...” As we were about to begin discussing my future, the door flew open with a bang, and in waltzed Eris’s incredibly exuberant grandfather. “I heard it all,” Sauros said. He barreled into the reception room and tousled my hair with a firm hand. “I heard you saved Eris!” “Wh-wh-what are you talking about? Ghislaine is the one who did it. I didn’t do anything!” His eyes gleamed darkly, like a bird of prey. Th-that’s terrifying! “You! You think you can lie to me!” “N-no! But Lord Philip told me to say—” “Philip!” He rounded on his son and without a moment of hesitation, swung his fist. It landed with a vicious crack. “Ugh!” The young lord took the blow right to the face and tumbled over the back of the sofa. The liege lord’s fist had been so fast. Faster even than Eris, too quick for the eyes to follow. “Bastard! This to the boy who saved your daughter! How dare you not offer even a word of gratitude! Just so you can partake in your foolish theater between nobles?!” Philip, still splayed on the floor, responded without moving. “Father, Paul may have been disowned by our family, but he is still a Greyrat. That means his son Rudeus, who also carries our blood, is a part of our family as well. So rather than outwardly praise and reward him, I thought the best way to thank him was to treat him with kindness as a part of our family.” He spoke very matter-of-factly for someone laid out on the floor. Perhaps he was used to being punched by Sauros. 45Goldenagato | mp4directs.com “Very well! Then go ahead and keep up that farce with the nobles!” The older man plopped himself on the empty sofa. It seemed he wasn’t going to apologize for punching Philip. That was just the kind of person he was. Physical punishment was as natural as breathing here. Come to think of it, Eris never apologized to me either. She also never thanked me for saving her. Ah well, it’s fine. “Rudeus!” The liege lord folded his arms, lifted his chin, and glared at me. This seemed familiar. “I have a request!” Is that really the kind of attitude you should have when asking someone for something? He was just like Eris! No, that was backwards—she was the one imitating him after all. “I want you to teach Eris magic.” “Why, might I ask?” “She came to me to request it. She said your magic was so seared into her mind she couldn’t get it out of her head.” It certainly was magic that seared the eyes anyway. “Of cour...” I bit my tongue as I began to respond on instinct. The most likely reason for her horrible personality was Sauros always spoiling her like this. Maybe not the only reason, but she had certainly been influenced by him, based on how much of his personality she imitated. If she was going to grow at all as a person, I had to stop her from being spoiled. It might not be my responsibility to see that she grew up properly, but if things continued like this, it would affect my ability to teach her. It was best to deal with each problem as it appeared. “That isn’t something for you to ask of me, Lord Sauros. Eris should ask me herself.” “What did you say?!” Indignant, he raised his fist. I panicked and covered my face with my hands. What was he, some 46Goldenagato | mp4directs.com sort of nuclear bomb waiting to explode? “D-do you really mean to raise Eris into an adult that can’t lower her head to ask for something when she wants it?” “Oho! You make a fair point! You’re right!” He slammed his fist on his knee and nodded vigorously. In a great, loud voice he said, “Eriiiiis! Come to the reception room right now!” I thought my eardrums were going to burst. What kind of lung capacity did a person need to be able to yell that loud...? Eris was the exact same way. Did no one in this manor understand the concept of asking people to deliver messages? These savages, I thought. Philip returned to his seat on the sofa while a butler (a different guy, apparently named Alphonse) closed the door that had been left open. I later learned that, because Sauros was like a storm that raged out of rooms just as quickly as he came in, they would wait for a while before closing a door. He was a selfish old man that loved to throw doors open but was not as fond of shutting them. “Okaaaay!” A voice responded from somewhere else in the manor. After a while came the tapping of approaching footsteps. “Here I am, just as you asked!” She didn’t have quite the force of her grandfather, but Eris still energetically threw the doors open and burst inside. Every single action she took was made with her grandfather in mind. Children loved to mimic adults after all. If I hadn’t gotten punched my first day here, I might have smiled at the resemblance. Instead, I could firmly say that this, too, had to stop. “Oh...” As soon as she caught sight of me, she lifted her chin and glared. Was this intimidating pose passed down in the Boreas family? “Grandfather, did you tell him what we talked about?!” He stood suddenly and folded his arms, glaring at her. It was the exact same pose. “Eris! If you want to ask something of someone, you need to bow your own head and ask!” Her lips pushed out in a pout. “But you said you would ask him for me...” 47Goldenagato | mp4directs.com “Enough! If you won’t ask him yourself, then we won’t hire him!” Huh? Wh-what did he just say?! No no, wait, I mean, I guess that was right. That would be a bit problematic for me, but I guess this was what you’d call reaping what you sow?! “Grr...” Eris glared at me, her cheeks flushed red. It wasn’t a blush of embarrassment; she was pissed off and humiliated. Her face said that if her grandfather wasn’t there, she’d chase me all the way to the bowels of hell and turn me into minced meat. Scary... “P-please...” “Is that the kind of attitude to take when you’re asking someone for something?!” Sauros bellowed. Like you have any room to talk, I thought. “Grr...” Eris took a fistful of her long, red hair into each hand. She made a tail on either side of her temples; instant twin tails. Then, just like that, she winked at me. “Please teach me magic, mew ✩” *** Wait. Was I dreaming? I blacked out for a minute there. It felt like I’d just had a really awful dream. “Don’t worry about teaching me reading or writing, mew ✩” Well crap, it wasn’t a dream! Wh-what the heck? What the heck was going on? Did I just get transported to some weird alternate dimension? At least transport me to the two-dimensional world of anime, if you’re going to go that far! “I don’t need arithmetic either, mew ✩” A-anyway, this was abnormal. Terrifying even! Eris’s pose should have been cute, but all it did was strike fear into me. Her lips were upturned, but her eyes weren’t smiling. They were the eyes of a predator. 48Goldenagato | mp4directs.com More importantly, was this really how you were supposed to act when you asked for a favor in this world?! You have got to be kidding me! “Magic is all I need, mew ✩” Stop messing with me! This is honestly worse than how she was before. Come on, just look at her face. Her cheeks burned bright red, and her expression said, If the circumstances were any different, I’d punch you so hard you’d fly from the depths of hell all the way to heaven. She looked eight parts angry, two parts humiliated, and zero parts bashful. There was nothing cute about her, nothing at all. C-come on, Sauros, let her have it, I begged mentally. “O-ooh~ Our Eri is so cute. Rudeus, of course you’re going to teach her, right?” He’d suddenly turned into a fond old man. Who the hell are you?! I thought. Where did my strict and reliable great uncle go?! “The Master has a great fondness for beastfolk. He also had the final say when Lady Ghislaine was employed,” the butler explained politely. Ah, now I understood. So those twin tails were supposed to be animal ears. They did look like drooping ears. Come to think of it, most of the maids were beasts as well. Yeah, sure, now I get it. Yeah... My inner monologue trailed off. “Eris.” Her father stepped in. Oh yeah, I forgot he was here, I thought. Okay, Mister Philip, it’s your time to shine, tell her off! “Stick your hips out a bit more to look more appealing.” Great, this one is hopeless too. Okay then. Now I understood. Now I understood what type of people the Greyrats were, Paul included. In fact, Paul was maybe a bit more normal than this lot. “Um, Lord...Sauros. Could I ask you just one thing...?” “Speak!” 49Goldenagato | mp4directs.com “D-do men also ask for favors like that?” “Fool! A man should ask like a man!” I wasn’t sure what that meant, but I did understand the reprimand. Well, I was right. Compared to this lot, Paul’s proclivities were almost normal. He just liked women with big breasts. Okay, calm down, I told myself. Let’s just think about this. Is this a pass or a fail? I was being stared at. I composed myself and looked at Eris. Angry and humiliated, she looked on the verge of losing control. Like a lion with its teeth clamped around one of the iron bars of its cage. Well, maybe I should just forget about what comes afterward and accept this. No, I needed to think about it. I needed to anticipate the possible consequences. That’s right, she doesn’t like this, I realized. She’s against this weird custom they have going on! If I ever requested she personally ask for a favor when it was just the two of us, she might rip me to shreds! Okay, I changed my mind. I need to stop this weird custom of theirs. “Is that the kind of attitude you have when asking someone for a favor?!” My voice was so loud it echoed throughout the manor. I spent hours after that giving her a great, long speech. My passion seemed to get through, because after this the Boreas style of asking for favors was abandoned. Ghislaine praised my efforts once it was over, but Eris just glared coldly at me. 50Goldenagato | mp4directs.com Chapter 3: Her Ferocity, Unabated It had been a month since I became Eris’s tutor. From the moment I began giving her lessons, she wouldn’t listen to me. As soon as it was time for reading, writing, and arithmetic she would vanish. She wouldn’t show her face again until it was time for sword practice. There were exceptions of course. Magic class was the only one she faithfully paid attention in. The first time she produced a Fireball, she was happy and enthusiastic. She watched as her fire roared, engulfing the curtain, and said, “Someday, I’m going to make fireworks in the sky just like you did.” Of course, I immediately put the flames out and warned her not to use fire magic when I wasn’t around. Eris beamed at the half-burned curtain, satisfied with herself. She looked like a pyromaniac, but at least she was motivated. I felt assured that she could get through the rest of her curriculum. ...Or so I thought. I later realized my prediction was way off base. Eris refused to listen during reading, writing, and arithmetic lessons. If I tried to admonish her, she would just run away. When I tried to catch her, she would punch me and run off. If I caught up to her, she would come back only to punch me once more then run off again. I thought she would understand the importance of arithmetic and literacy after we were kidnapped. She must have really hated those subjects. When I went to Philip with my problem, he simply told me, “Making your student attend your lessons is also part of your job as a home tutor.” I didn’t disagree. Ghislaine attended my lessons and took them seriously, but she was just an extra. I couldn’t teach her alone. So I had to search for Eris. Eris wasn’t so easy to find. She had lived here her entire life, while I had only been here a month. There was a huge difference in our familiarity with the terrain, and that went for this hide-and-seek problem as well. 51Goldenagato | mp4directs.com Apparently, other home tutors had struggled with the same issue. Sometimes they would eventually find her, since she might have a wide area to hide in, but it was still limited to the manor. Those that did find her, however, were beaten to a pulp. That was why her first tutor resigned. One tutor tried to beat her up instead, fighting violence with violence. Eris stole into their room in the dead of night and attacked them with a wooden sword as they slept. Needless to say, they resigned after sustaining injuries that took months to fully recover from. Ghislaine was the only one who had managed to beat Eris at her own game. I wasn’t confident I could do the same. If finding her meant I was going to be sent to the hospital, I didn’t want to. I wasn’t keen on the idea of discovering her only to be left battered and bruised afterward. If magic were the only thing she was interested in, why not give up on the other lessons and just focus on that? But Philip insisted that I teach her reading, writing, and arithmetic as well. Teach her as much of those as you teach her magic, he’d said. “Actually, those are more important than magic,” he told me. I agreed. Maybe I needed to have her kidnapped one more time. Children that didn’t learn needed to be punished. Just as I thought that, I finally found her. She was in the stables, hidden in a bundle of straw with her belly exposed, resting peacefully. “Zzz...zzz...” “She was sound asleep. Her unconscious face was almost like that of an angel. No, I couldn’t be deceived by appearances. She was the devil incarnate. And of course by devil incarnate, I meant the kind that would punch you until you vomited blood. Even so, I needed to wake her up. For the moment, I decided to pull down her shirt to cover her stomach, so she wouldn’t catch a cold. Then I started fondling her chest while my inner Wise Old Sage evaluated them. 52Goldenagato | mp4directs.com “Hmm, still an AA cup. But I sense great potential for growth. As you age, you may yet achieve E cup, or even larger. I shall massage you daily to check your progress.This is also part of your training. Hohoho.” Thank you, Wise Old Sage! After I had my fill, I called out to her in a quiet voice. “Young Miss, wake up please. Miss Eris, it’s arithmetic funtime!” 53Goldenagato | mp4directs.com 54Goldenagato | mp4directs.com She wasn’t waking up. I had no other choice. Don’t blame me if your panties get taken. It’s your fault for being a bad girl, I thought. But just as I tried to quietly slip my hands inside her long, loose skirt... “...!” Eris’s eyes snapped open. Her gaze moved from her legs,where my hands were, gradually up to my face. “Grrr!” She no longer looked half-asleep.Instead, her teeth were grinding together and her face darkened with anger. H-here it comes, I realized a moment too late. Her clenched fist came flying at me. My face! I hurriedly crossed my arms in front of me for protection. “Agh!” The impact hit my stomach instead. Her fist struck deep. I swooned in agony, my knees buckling beneath me. Well, I didn’t vomit blood, but I did get punched. “Hmph!” She sniffed once at me, then kicked me. Once she was done, she stepped over my collapsed form and walked right out of the stable. *** There was nothing I could do. I finally went to Ghislaine for help. The woman who, according to Paul, had muscles for brains. If she talked about why she wanted to learn reading, writing, and arithmetic, surely it would resonate with Eris. The girl was sure to listen to whatever Ghislaine had to say. Or so I naively thought. At first, Ghislaine told me to figure it out on my own, but when I used water magic to fake tears, she reluctantly agreed. Too easy. Okay, now show me what you’ve got, I thought. Ghislaine and I didn’t work on a plan; I just left it up to her. She chose 55Goldenagato | mp4directs.com to start during the break period of our magic lesson. “A long time ago, I thought I was fine as long as I had a sword... ” Unbidden, she began telling Eris about her past. About how her Master accepted her even though she was a bad kid... About her first friends when she became an adventurer... The lengthy preamble turned out to be a simple story about her and her own personal struggles. “When I was an adventurer the others did everything for me. The buying and selling of arms and armor, food, supplies, and daily necessities. As well as reading contracts, maps, and signs. After we parted I learned the importance of many things: the weight of a filled canteen, the necessity of getting coals to build a fire, and the inconvenience of being unable to use your left hand when you’re carrying a torch.” Her party had disbanded seven years ago. They were forced to do so after Paul and Zenith got married and isolated themselves by moving out to the countryside. I had guessed as much; it seemed Paul and Ghislaine really had been in a party together. “Those of us who remained talked about staying together, but Paul, our hit-and-run-attacker, and Zenith, our group’s only healer, had left. Even if we didn’t disband then, we would have eventually. It was obvious.” A six-person party. A warrior, a swordsman, a swordswoman, a magician, a priest, and a thief. That was probably the makeup of their group if I broke it down by occupation. Even though Ghislaine was only a Holy-tier swordswoman at the time, her attack strength would have been pretty high. Warrior (Unknown Person): Tank Swordsman (Paul): Secondary tank and DPS Swordswoman (Ghislaine): DPS Magician (Unknown Person): DPS Priest (Zenith): Healer 56Goldenagato | mp4directs.com They sounded like a balanced group. It seemed like “thief” was a general term for someone who did odd jobs, from picking locks, spotting traps, and constructing a tent, to making deals with merchants. It was a position reserved for someone who could read well, had a sharp mind, and was agile. Most came from merchant families. “You could at least call them treasure hunters or something,” I said without thinking. Ghislaine’s nostrils flared. “Thief is fitting for someone who always swiped our money and gambled it away.” “Didn’t you guys gang up on them when you found out?” “Nope. They were skilled at gambling, so most of the time they came back with more than they took. They rarely came back with less than half. And they restrained themselves when we didn’t have much coin.” Or so she said. Still, no matter how much profit they managed make from their gambling, why did everyone let them get away with it? I struggled to comprehend. Not to brag, but gambling was at least one thing I never touched. Although I did spend over 100,000 yen on online games... Then again, they had a womanizer like Paul in their party, so they probably weren’t that concerned about the morality of their members. Everyone drew the line somewhere. There were as many rules as there were people. “What exactly is the difference between a warrior and a swordsman?” I asked curiously. If both professions were part of the vanguard, there didn’t seem to be a reason to distinguish between them. “If you use a sword and one of the three primary styles, then you are a swordsman. If you use a different style but still use a sword, you are a warrior. If you use one of the styles but don’t use a sword, then you’re also a warrior.” “Ooh, so that means swordsman is a special title.” More accurately, it was the three primary sword styles that made their skills special. The technique Ghislaine used when she defeated our kidnappers was quite amazing. I didn’t even catch her unsheathing her sword. She barely moved and their heads just fell off. I found out afterward that the 57Goldenagato | mp4directs.com technique was called Sword of Light, a secret technique of the Sword God Style. “So what about a knight?” “A knight is a knight. Knights are appointed by the King or liege lords. They are educated in reading and arithmetic. Some among them can even use simple magic. Since many of them are nobles, they’re also full of pride.” They were probably so educated because they attended school. “Back then, my father wasn’t a knight yet, was he?” “I’m not entirely sure, but he called himself a swordsman at the time.” “How about magic knights or magic warriors? I heard those exist too.” “There are some people who use offensive magic who call themselves that. You are free to call yourself what you want, no matter your profession.” “Aha.” Eris’s eyes lit up as she listened to the conversation. I hoped she wasn’t about to decide to drag either Ghislaine or me out to the closest labyrinth. It made me anxious. That wasn’t the kind of adventure I wanted. Spending each day surrounded by beautiful women? Now that was more like it. Ah, crap. I was supposed to have Ghislaine talk about the importance of learning to read and write, not this, I lamented internally. I screwed up. There was one small mercy. The following day Eris attended all her lessons: reading, writing, and arithmetic. It was all thanks to Ghislaine. After that, any time something happened, Ghislaine would begin recounting her struggles as an adventurer. I got a stomachache each time it happened, but thanks to that, Eris finally understood the importance of reading, writing, and arithmetic. Or maybe her main reason for attending was because she found Ghislaine’s stories so interesting. Either way, a good result for me. Part of me wished I had thought of doing this at the beginning...but of course, if we hadn’t been kidnapped, she probably would have never listened to me in the first place. Back then, she’d looked at me like I was a worm. So my plan wasn’t pointless. In any case, things had turned out well. 58Goldenagato | mp4directs.com *** Our first lessons involved teaching Eris the four basic arithmetic operations. Since she had attended school and previously been instructed by tutors, she already knew how to do simple addition. “Rudeus!” My pupil energetically thrust her hand into the air. “Yes, Eris?” “Why is division necessary?” She didn’t understand the importance of multiplication and division. On top of that, she was terrible at subtraction. If anything went above single digits, she’d give up. “Rather than worry about the necessity, just think of it as doing the opposite of multiplication,” I explained. “I’m asking when I am ever going to use this!” “Okay, so for example, say you have a hundred silver coins and you have to split them evenly across five people.” “My last tutor said the same thing!” She slammed her fist against the table. “So why! Do I have to! Split it evenly!” She was quibbling like a defiant child. To be honest, there was no necessity for it. “Who knows? That’s something you would have to ask those five people. It’s just that if you want to split it evenly, it’s more convenient if you know how to use division.” “More convenient? So that means I don’t really need to use it, right?!” “If you don’t want to use it, then no, you don’t have to. Although there is a big difference between not using something and being unable to use something.” “Ugh...” Asking whether they could do something or not was a good way of shutting up someone with as much pride as Eris, though it did little to solve the root of the problem. She was trying to argue that she didn’t need to learn arithmetic. 59Goldenagato | mp4directs.com In times like these, it was best to look for Ghislaine for help. “Ghislaine, have you ever had any problems that related to dividing things evenly?” “Yes. I once lost my food supplies in a labyrinth, so I tried to retrace my way back. But I messed up when I tried to ration my food to last me until I made it out. I went three days without eating or drinking. I thought I was going to die. When I couldn’t stand it anymore, I ate some demon feces that I found on the ground, but it tore up my insides. I managed to make it through the stomach pain, nausea, and diarrhea, but then I noticed a cluster of...” The story went on for almost five minutes, making me sick to my stomach. I listened with a sickly tinge to my face. But to Eris, it was a heroic tale. Her eyes were lit up the whole time. “And that’s why I want to learn division. Continue the lesson.” As soon as Ghislaine said that, Eris ceased her quibbling. The whole Greyrat family seemed to have an affinity for beastpeople, although maybe not as much as Sauros. Eris was clearly attached to Ghislaine. She would always listen quietly when Ghislaine began one of her tales. It was like a little brother clinging to his older sister, eager to imitate her. “Okay then, let’s do some more boring practice reps today. Bring me these problems once you have them all solved. If there’s anything you don’t understand, ask me.” With that, things gradually progressed. *** Ghislaine made for an excellent teacher. She pointed out each of my faults in explicit detail and gave me advice. Paul would tell you which parts you had messed up on, but he wouldn’t tell you how to improve. Today she gave both Eris and I a sword and made us practice fighting while giving us guidance. “Remember your attack stance, watch your opponent closely.” 60Goldenagato | mp4directs.com Eris repelled my wooden sword with a dull thunk. “If you can move faster than your opponent, then read their movements and aim your sword. If you’re slower than they are, then shift your body to avoid the trajectory of their blade.” Unable to do either, I took a hard smack from Eris’s sword. The impact was strong enough I felt it through the cotton padding of my tanned leather protector. “Watch the tips of your opponent’s toes and predict their movement!” I took another blow. “Rudeus! Stop using your head! Just focus on moving in before your opponent and swinging your sword!” But focusing requires using my head, so which is it?! “Eris! Don’t stop your attacks! Your opponent hasn’t surrendered yet!” “Yes!” The difference between us was obvious. Eris had the freedom to respond to Ghislaine where I didn’t. That freedom also allowed her to keep smacking me until Ghislaine finally told her to stop. She held nothing back, as though she were releasing all the pent-up anger she felt during our arithmetic lessons. Dammit. Within a month, however, I saw a dramatic improvement. I was glad to have a partner like Eris, who had similar abilities as me. Just like in any other field, being around someone of equal skill spurred your own growth. Though Eris was really a little better than me. But it was nothing like the gap between me and Paul or Ghislaine. At least she was still at a level where I knew what she was doing. If I could understand it, I could learn from it. Like if she beat me using a certain technique, I would become more cautious so it wouldn’t happen again. That sort of thinking was possible when you were on even footing with your opponent. Paul, on the other hand, was so skilled that it was impossible to counter him. If you couldn’t understand what your opponent was doing, then they 61Goldenagato | mp4directs.com would beat you before you had a clue what was happening. Even receiving guidance from someone more skilled could be difficult because of the fundamental difference in their abilities versus yours. It would just make you doubt what you were doing. Ghislaine was good at teaching, so she was a different story. However, she would also teach you how to respond to attacks and counter them at the same time, so when you found yourself on the receiving end of one, you would end up hesitating because you were anticipating how to counter. With Eris as an opponent, however, small tricks or the slightest change in movement brought about an entirely different result. Sometimes something that worked the day before wouldn’t work the following day, or Eris would do something completely different. Sometimes the things I couldn’t do yesterday I could do today, and the same went for my opponent. Because there was almost no gap in our abilities, it worked out. It was those little changes and discoveries that accumulated and fostered growth. It was good having a rival. Sometimes she got ahead of me, and sometimes I surpassed her. Even if our progress came little by little, we took turns getting ahead of one another, and by the end there were huge improvements. Before we knew it, that progress built up, and we became much stronger. Still, Eris learned quicker than I did. Even if a lion and a deer trained the same way, it was obvious the lion would become stronger. That was a bitter pill to swallow since I had been training with Paul since I was little. “Rudeus has a long way to go, huh?!” Eris crossed her arms and looked down at me, collapsed on the ground. Ghislaine scolded her. “Don’t get ahead of yourself, Eris. You have been holding a sword for longer than he has, and you’re older.” Ghislaine only dropped the “Miss” when we were practicing the sword. She said it was necessary. “I know that! Besides, he has magic!” “That’s right.” My magic abilities were the only thing she gave me credit for. 62Goldenagato | mp4directs.com “Though it is strange that he only slows down when he’s being attacked,” Ghislaine noted. “That’s because it’s scary facing an opponent who’s attacking you for real.” As soon as I said that, Eris bonked me on the head. “What the heck was that?! How pathetic! That’s why people look down on you!” “No, he’s simply a magician. And that’s fine.” As soon as Ghislaine said that, Eris nodded arrogantly. “Oh really? Then I guess I can’t blame him!” So why did I get punched again? “Sorry, but I don’t know how to fix your cowering. You’ll have to do it yourself,” Ghislaine said. “Okay.” Right now, it didn’t matter who my opponent was; I just froze up. I had a long road ahead still. “But I do at least feel like I have gotten a lot stronger since you started teaching me.” “That’s because Paul is the instinctive type. Doesn’t make for a good teacher.” The instinctive type! Ah, I guess there were those types in this world too. “What’s that, ‘instinctive type’?” Eris asked. “The type of person who can just do things without being able to explain how they learned to do it.” She pouted when I explained, probably because she was the same type of person. “Is there something wrong with that?” Eris asked. I wasn’t sure how to answer. Since we were in the middle of a lesson, I decided to let Ghislaine pick up the slack. I directed my gaze at her. “There isn’t. But it doesn’t matter how much talent you have. You won’t get stronger if you don’t use your head, and you won’t be able to teach people well either.” “Why won’t you be able to teach people well?” “Because you don’t even understand what you’re doing. Besides, if 63Goldenagato | mp4directs.com you can’t understand the entirety of it, then you won’t be able to improve.” It seemed, to a Sword King like Ghislaine, that the key to reaching an advanced skill level was being able to apply the basics in practice. If you mastered the essentials, you would be able to use them in any given situation. Only then would you be considered a Holy-tier swordsman. But more important were diligent work and talent. Of course, in the end, it all comes down to talent, I thought. “I used to be the instinctive type as well, but once I started using my head and thinking logically, I became King-tier,” Ghislaine said. “That’s amazing.” I was honestly impressed. She changed her ways so she could succeed. That was incredible. “You’re a Saint-tier water magician yourself, Rudeus.” “I’m the instinctive type as well. But magic is different from swordplay. You can do anything as long as you have enough magical power,” I said. “Hm. If you say so... But either way, the basics are important, you understand?” Ghislaine pressed on. “I understand. In this case, however, it was because my teacher was so good at what she did that I achieved Saint-tier.” But now that we were talking about the importance of the basics, I had focused purely on performing magic without chanting spells. What did it mean to lack in the basics of magic? Roxy’s lessons had focused less on mastering the basics than on progression. Maybe she, being a prodigy herself, didn’t worry as much about the foundations. Hmm. “Well I’m not worried about becoming that strong, so it has nothing to do with me!” Eris proudly declared as I was lost in thought. I smiled wryly at her words. As a junior high student in my previous life, I’d said something similar. “It’s not like I’m trying to be number one,” I would say, excusing my lack of effort. I was about to reprimand her for her attitude, but she continued. “But I will do my best to be as good as the two of you!” 64Goldenagato | mp4directs.com So much for that. She had a goal. She was different from my past self. *** We had free time after our morning lessons and afternoon sword practice. Today, I was headed toward the library. Ghislaine and Eris both possessed magical textbooks, so I thought there might be a grimoire there. I had a maid with dog ears guide me, since I didn’t know the way. “Ah!” We passed by Hilda, Philip’s wife. She had the same deep crimson hair as Eris, with an ample bosom. I expected Eris would take after her as she grew older. I had been introduced to her, but the two of us had little contact. Uh, let’s see, I think I’m supposed to put one hand on my chest... “My lady, it seems today is my lucky...” “Tch,” she clicked her tongue at me and ignored my greeting. I stood there frozen, my hand still pressed to my chest. “Lord Rudeus...” “No, it’s fine,” I said, raising a hand to cut off the maid’s attempt to soothe me. It was a bit of a shock though. Did she hate me? I didn’t think I had done anything wrong. Come to think of it, she didn’t have any other children besides Eris, did she? No, let’s not ask that question. If I did, I felt like someone even worse than Eris would appear and increase my workload three- or fourfold. That was a possibility best left unconsidered. When I arrived at the library, Philip was there. “Oh, you’re interested in the library, are you?” Philip had an excited twinkle in his eye. Excited about what? I wondered. “Yes, a bit.” 65Goldenagato | mp4directs.com “Then you should take your time looking around.” I took him up on that and perused the library. Unfortunately, I didn’t find what I was looking for. I was hoping to get a grimoire like Roxy had, but all I found were expensive volumes that couldn’t be taken out of the library. It seemed there were only a limited amount of grimoires in the world, and people didn’t leave them lying around. Guess I couldn’t be so lucky. In the end I got some books about the history of this world. I could at least study those when I was free. *** At the end of each day, I spent time in my room preparing for the next day’s lessons. Most of that entailed creating practice sheets for reading, writing, and arithmetic. Finally, I would review my magical textbook. There was no class curriculum. I kept the pace easy so I wouldn’t run out of things to teach over five years. My main principle was repetitive practice to make sure Eris and Ghislaine fully understood the material. I did the same thing when I taught Sylphie. Reviewing magic was important too. I didn’t normally chant spells to perform magic, so I would often forget the words. The only spells I had truly memorized were those for healing and basic poison magic. I never thought to bother memorizing offensive spells. This magic textbook was the same one I had back home. Eris and Ghislaine also had their own copies. It was first published almost a thousand years ago and was a bestseller with numerous reprints. Before it existed, you had to find a master to teach you magic. Most of them only knew the basics of each school, so many people became students only to learn next to nothing. Though the book was now considered a bestseller, there weren’t very many copies made at the time it was written. Even with enough copies for it to circulate well, those without an interest in magic would have simply ignored it. It wasn’t until 500 years later that it finally started being distributed en masse. 66Goldenagato | mp4directs.com Suddenly, anyone could get their hands on a magical textbook cheaply, so the number of magicians increased greatly. It wasn’t as though the world suddenly boomed with magicians, but in the Kingdom of Asura at least, magic became a part of the curriculum for many noble families. Still, why did the number of magical textbooks suddenly increase? As I wondered, I looked at the back of the book. Printed there was the line: Published by Ranoa University of Magic. Aha, what a clever marketing scheme. In this way, my days as a tutor passed in the blink of an eye. *** NAME: Eris B. Greyrat OCCUPATION: Granddaughter of Fittoa’s liege lord PERSONALITY: Fierce DOESN’T: Mind listening to what people have to say READING/WRITING: Can write the names of her family members ARITHMETIC: Subtraction skills are unreliable MAGIC: Figures she’ll try her best at it FENCING: Sword God Style – Beginner-tier ETIQUETTE: Can do a normal greeting PEOPLE SHE LIKES: Grandfather, Ghislaine 67Goldenagato | mp4directs.com Chapter 4: Staff Meeting and Sunday Half a year passed. Eris, who I thought had finally cooled down, began returning to her violent ways. Why, how, who did this?! I panicked, until I realized something. She had been given no breaks. *** It was after dinner when I called Ghislaine and the etiquette teacher to my room. The etiquette teacher didn’t actually live with us; she lived in the city, so I had a butler send a message to her. “First, it’s a pleasure to meet you. I’m Rudeus Greyrat,” I said. “Edna Leylune. I teach Lady Eris about proper etiquette.” I touched my hand to my chest and gave a light nod. She responded in kind, her movements more polished. Unsurprising, coming from an etiquette teacher. Edna had the face of a middle-aged woman whose wrinkles were just beginning to show. Her features were soft, and she had a kind smile that emanated warmth. “Please, have a seat,” I said, motioning to nearby chairs. Once they settled in, I offered them tea that I had the butler prepare. “The reason I called you here today is to talk about Eris’s lesson schedule.” “Lesson schedule?” Edna asked. “That’s right. I hear that she currently has sword practice in the morning, free time in the afternoon, and etiquette in the evening. Is that correct?” “Indeed.” 68Goldenagato | mp4directs.com Eris was currently learning six subjects. Reading and writing, arithmetic, magic, history, swordplay, and etiquette. In modern terms that would be language, math, home economics, social studies, physical education, and well, etiquette. There were no clocks, so lessons stretched on, separated only by meals and snack time. The subjects were split over three time periods, like this: Breakfast → Studying → Lunch → Studying → Snack time → Studying → Dinner → Free time There was no history instructor, so Philip apparently taught her in his free time. “Since I came on, she began having evening lessons as well, so her entire day has been filled up,” I said. That’s right,” Edna responded. “Her studies have been progressing smoothly. The Master is quite impressed.” No doubt he was. “It may look like it’s going smoothly, but there’s a problem here.” Edna looked confused. “A problem, you say?” “Yes. Her stress has been building since she studies every day without any breaks.” Remarkably so during arithmetic lessons. She was irritable the entire time. If she ran into difficult problems, she would take it out on me. It was dangerous. There was no telling when she might come after me for real. It was very dangerous. “We manage to get through it for now, but she might eventually snap and run from her lessons again.” “Oh dear...” Edna pressed her hand to her lips. Her expression said that she acknowledged that possibility. I had never seen one of her etiquette lessons before, but Eris seemed to take them seriously. It was a mystery to me why Eris seemed to like her. I continued. “So I would like to give her a day free of lessons every seven days.” 69Goldenagato | mp4directs.com They had a calendar in this world, so they had a concept of what month and what day it was. They did not, however, have the concept of a week. There were rest days allotted throughout the year, but there was no such thing as a Sunday. Seven. I used the number because I could remember it easily. Plus, it seemed that number was special in this world as well. It was said to be a good omen, which was why there were also seven tiers in swordplay. “In the remaining six days, we’ll continue teaching her reading and writing, arithmetic, magic, history, swordplay and etiquette.” Edna raised her voice. “May I ask one thing?” “Please do.” “If things are divided that way, then my lessons would be reduced. So then would my salary also...” I cut her off before she could finish. “You don’t have to worry about that.” I couldn’t blame her for being concerned about money, and I hoped no one else would either. After all, I was in this for the money as well. Anyway, I had already spoken to Philip and it wasn’t a problem. We had monthly salaries, so we’d get paid regardless of whether we gave lessons or not. Granted, we’d be fired if we didn’t. That part should go without saying. If you didn’t understand something that simple, you deserved to be fired. “Of course, with that in mind we will divide things differently. There should be no problem having just two lessons on reading, writing, and arithmetic in a seven-day period. Sword practice will remain a daily affair, as there is no point otherwise. Magic must be practiced daily as well, but there is a limit to how much mana a person has, so each lesson won’t take too long. I intend to dedicate any extra time that leaves to reading, writing, and arithmetic.” That last bit we had been doing from the beginning. Such as, “Today you’ve used Water Bullet X amount of times and Water Splash Y amount. So how many more times can you use Water Bullet today?” I changed the values of X and Y in keeping with the number of times Eris and Ghislaine could perform those spells respectively. Apparently, this was easier for Eris than sitting in a room staring at the digits on paper. 70Goldenagato | mp4directs.com It was difficult to find a precise answer because mana usage wasn’t something tangible, even to the practitioner. The important part was performing mental arithmetic, because the more they did it, the better they would get. The whole point was for them to use their heads. I wanted to do lessons on voiceless casting and home economics eventually, but that could wait until they had finished reading, writing, and arithmetic. “My apologies in advance, Miss Edna, but I would like to reduce your lessons with Eris to three or four times a month.” “All right.” She nodded quickly. Six days, eighteen periods. I split them thus: etiquette – five periods; swordplay – six periods; reading and writing – two periods; arithmetic – two periods; and magic – three periods. Lesson periods were a bit short for my taste, but most of it was repetition, so it should be fine. “Also,” I added, “at any point you can’t teach a lesson, I would like you to contact me.” “To what end?” Edna asked. “I’m always here at the manor, so I can fit my lessons into your time slot. If you need an extended period off, there’ll be no problem.” “All right then.” Edna smiled the entire time. Did she really understand? “Also, I would like to have these meetings every first of the month,” I said. “And why is that?” “If we work together, we can come up with a quick response to any issues that may occur. It’s not strictly necessary, but it will make our teaching more effective and help us deal with emergencies. Do you have any issues with it?” “No.” Edna smiled softly. “You are still so young, Lord Rudeus, yet you are so considerate to Miss Eris.” Her eyes shone as though she had seen something particularly endearing. Well, whatever. 71Goldenagato | mp4directs.com That was how I managed to get myself a day off. *** Finally, my first day off arrived. After greeting Philip briefly, I decided to head into the city. But I found Ghislaine and Eris lying in wait for me at the exit. “Where do you think you’re going?!” Eris seemed restless, perhaps because it was her first day off. Her first ever day with an empty schedule. No wonder she was curious what my plans were for the day. “I’m going sightseeing around Roa,” I said, striking a pose. “Sightseeing... So you’re going to go see the city? By yourself?” “Do I look like I have someone else with me?” “That’s not fair! I haven’t ever been able to go out by myself, not even once!” She stomped her feet in frustration. “Isn’t that because you’ll get kidnapped if you go out on your own?” “Well, you got kidnapped too,” she snapped back. Ah, she was right. I was kidnapped because I had been accompanying Eris, but it was also true that I was seen as a part of the Greyrat family. It was possible someone might try it again to demand a ransom for me. “But if I get kidnapped, I can get back home on my own.” I cackled in triumph, only for her to raise her fist like she was going to hit me. I quickly moved to protect myself, but the punch never came. That was unusual. She crossed her arms over her chest and glared at me. “I’m going too!” She would usually make such a declaration only after hitting me, but apparently, she decided not to use violence this time. That meant she had matured some. A small, almost insignificant amount, but at least there was some progress. “All right, then let’s go!” 72Goldenagato | mp4directs.com “Really?!” Of course, I had no reason to refuse her. Plus, safety in numbers and all that. “Ghislaine’s coming too, right?” I asked. “Yes. It’s my duty to protect the Young Mistress.” Even during our meeting, Ghislaine didn’t seem to understand the concept of having a day off. I suggested she just stick to Eris like she always did. She was originally hired to be a bodyguard, after all, so there should be no problems with that. “Wait! I’ll be ready in just a sec! Alphonse! Alphonse!!!” I watched as Eris ran off, dashing noisily through the manor. Her voice was just as loud as ever. “Rudeus,” Ghislaine said. I turned my head and she was right there beside me. I had to crane my neck to look up at her. She was almost two meters tall, so even as a full- grown adult I would probably still be looking up at her. “Don’t overestimate your abilities,” she warned. This was probably about me saying I could escape getting kidnapped on my own. “I know. I was just trying to motivate her a little.” “All right, but if something happens, call me. I’ll help you.” “Yeah. If I need something, I’ll give you a big firework show again.” Talking about it stirred a memory. “Did you tell the Young Mistress to do the same thing? Call for you?” “Mm? I did, what of it?” “Next time, you might want to clarify that she should only do it when she’s somewhere you can hear her,” I said. “Okay, but why?” “Because when we got kidnapped, she almost got killed because she kept screaming for you.” “If I had heard her, I would have rescued her.” Hmm. Well, she had been ridiculously fast when she came to save us. She was there within a minute of me shooting off those fireworks. 73Goldenagato | mp4directs.com So long as we were in earshot, I was sure she would come, no matter where that was. Her hearing seemed pretty good too. After all, it was Ghislaine who Eris called out to, not Philip or Sauros. She was reliable. “You need to teach her that there are times when you can’t scream.” Eris returned and the conversation ended there. I wasn’t sure if she was dressing up to go out or not, but she was wearing an outfit I had never seen before. “You look lovely today.” “Hmph!” She punched me in the head when I complimented her. What the hell was that about? *** The Fittoa region’s Citadel of Roa was one of the biggest cities in the area, but “big” was a relative term. It was still smaller than the expanse of countryside that made up Buena Village. If you walked the perimeter of the outer wall, you could probably circle the entire thing in two hours. Still, it was of considerable size for a city. The walls themselves were about seven to eight meters tall and wrapped around the entirety of Roa. That said, the city wasn’t a perfect circle. It bent with the terrain, so I wasn’t sure of its exact dimensions, but it probably covered about thirty square meters. Not that big from a Japanese person’s perspective, yet I could tell creating walls this size was no simple feat. There had to be some sort of magic to build walls like this. Probably King-tier or Imperial-tier. Or perhaps they made a broad outline with stone and filled in the rest with manual labor? I considered all this as we made our way through the upper-class residential area and into the crowded plaza. From here, we were headed to the mercantile district. All the shops near the noble district were posh, and even the street stalls here and there were peddling expensive wares. “Hey, Young Master and Miss, take your time and look around.” An old man running a shop selling second-hand wares called out to us, using a line lifted straight out of an RPG. 74Goldenagato | mp4directs.com I peered at what he had on display, taking notes on the products and their prices. Frankly, he was selling some rather questionable things. Who would even buy this stuff? I thought. Wait, an aphrodisiac is ten gold coins. Gotta write this down. “What are these weird letters?! I can’t read them!” My eardrums rang as Eris’s voice blasted them. I turned and found her face awfully close to mine. She had been reading over my shoulder. Up close, I realized how cute she was. Her features were very evenly set. My memo, by the way, was written in Japanese. “Tell me what you’re writing down!” She was being overbearing, but I had no reason not to tell her. “I’m writing down the product names and prices.” “And what are you going to do with that information?!” “Comparing market prices is one of the fundamentals of online games,” I replied. “Online... What the heck?” She wouldn’t be able to understand even if I explained, so I instead pointed to one of the wares on display. It was a small accessory. “Okay, look at that. The last stall was selling that piece for five gold coins. This place is selling it for four gold coins and five silver ones.” The owner chimed in, “Oh, Young Master, you have a good eye! Our stuff is cheap, yeah!” I ignored the old man and turned back to Eris. “So, if you talked down this shop into selling this to you for three coins and took it back to that other shop and sold it for four, how much would you make?” “Huh! Uh, five minus three plus four... Six gold coins!” What the heck kind of math was that? “Bzzt, incorrect. The correct answer is one gold coin.” “Y-yeah, I knew that!” She turned away with a pout on her lips. “Really?” 75Goldenagato | mp4directs.com “S-so if you had ten gold coins from the start, now you would have eleven, right?” Oh, hey! She actually did it for once! Wait...no, she just added more in there. Oh well. It was better to just praise and encourage her, especially with how much pride she had. “Oh, this time you’re correct! Wow, very smart, Eris.” “Hmph, as if there were ever any doubt.” The old man listened in our conversation with a bitter look on his face. “Young Master, that’s called reselling. Not somethin’ people look too kindly upon, so you’d better not try it.” “Of course. If I were looking to make money, I would go to that other store and tell them you’re selling for four gold pieces. That kind of information should be enough to net me one large copper, right?” His expression soured. He looked behind us to Ghislaine for help, but she was listening in with interest. The old man slumped and sighed as if he realized that anything he said would be pointless. Sorry, I apologized, but only in my head. I hoped he wouldn’t linger on it too much. I was only teasing. “Anyway,” I said, “even if you don’t plan to buy anything, it’s still important to know the prices of things.” “And what are you going to with that knowledge?!” “For example, you can calculate how much you will spend without even going to a shop.” “And how is that supposed to be useful!” How is that supposed to be... Well, if you’re going to resell it then you can figure out about how much... Wait. No, in times like this, it was best just to leave things to Ghislaine. “Why do you think it would be useful, Ghislaine?” “No idea.” Wait, seriously? She didn’t know? I thought she would. Well, whatever. It wasn’t like this was a lesson anyways. “All right then, maybe it’s not useful after all.” The information was 76Goldenagato | mp4directs.com for my own use anyway. It was fine if they didn’t understand. Whenever I was in a marketplace, the first thing I did was compare prices. That was how I always did things in online games, and there was no reason to change that now. This despite the fact that I’d never done it before in this life and didn’t know for sure if there were actually any value in it. “If you don’t know if it’s useful or not, why do it!” “Because I think it will be useful.” Her face made it clear that she didn’t like my answer. It’s not like I can answer every single question you have. Try to think for yourself a little bit. “Give it some thought,” I said. “If you think it’s useful, then you should do it too. If you think it’s useless, then point and laugh.” “Then I pick laugh!” “Ahahaha.” “And why the heck are you laughing!” She punched me. Sadface... *** We looped around the area and I finished taking inventory of all the stalls. I skipped the posher shops since I knew everything would be too expensive. Instead, we headed toward the outer part of the city. Just a short walk away the shop wares changed completely. The prices were dramatically lower too, down from five gold coins to one. Still expensive. Not something I can afford, I thought. There were more people here, ranging from nobles to adventurers based on their appearances. Even the shop owners seemed livelier as they hawked their wares. Perhaps because one gold coin was just on the high end of affordability. A store caught my eye as I was taking notes; a bookstore, to be exact. I 77Goldenagato | mp4directs.com decided to wander inside. It was deserted, like the general section of an adult bookstore. There were two bookcases, volumes of the same title lined up in twos and threes. Each book cost around one gold coin. In the remaining space was a locked case with rows of books inside. These were about eight gold pieces a volume, the most expensive being ten gold pieces. The store’s featured products, I assumed. “Hmpf.” The store owner took one look at me and yawned as though dismissing my potential as a customer. Their gaze turned suspicious as I began noting down all the titles I saw on their shelves. They were probably concerned I was trying to copy the contents of the books. I stepped away from the bookshelves, hoping it would send a message: Don’t worry! I’m not touching your books! I’m not going to copy anything! I glanced inside the locked case and noticed a book I had seen before. “Plant Dictionary, ten gold coins,” I read out loud. It was the same book Zenith had given to me on my fifth birthday. Expensive, I thought. If one gold coin was 10,000 yen, that meant this book was 70,000 yen! My mom must have gone really overboard to buy that. “Hm.” It seemed dictionaries really were expensive. I would have loved to read Sig’s Summoning Magic, but it was ten gold coins. On a salary of two silver coins a month, there was no way I could afford that. The most expensive book was Ceremonies of Asura’s Royal Palace’s Imperial Court. Definitely didn’t need that. “What are you looking at so eagerly?” It was Eris’s voice. She had apparently followed me inside at some point. She must have noticed me looking at the book titles without taking any notes. “Oh, nothing, just thinking that there wasn’t much here of interest.” “Oh, that’s right, I heard you like books, don’t you?” Eris asked. “Who did you hear that from?” “My father!” Philip, huh? Well, I did ask him to show me his library after all. 78Goldenagato | mp4directs.com “I-If you really want one that bad, I could buy it for you,” she offered. “You say that so easily, but you don’t have any money, do you?” “Grandfather will pay for it!” That’s what I figured. She was just going to let him spoil her again. I needed to make her understand that money was a limited resource. But I want that book... I really want that book, I thought. “I don’t need it.” “And why not!” She was pouting again. It was the expression she wore whenever she was in a bad mood. If that mood got any worse, her face would turn demonic and she would punch me. Right now, I was still safe, as she still had some reason left. “That’s not money you can use for whatever you want.” “What are you saying?” Her brows knitted. She was growing increasingly irritable because she didn’t understand. I could almost see her anger bar as it filled up. How best to explain this? Was there even any point in teaching the daughter of a noble family how to use money? Well, why not. “Do you know how much I earn every month for teaching you?” “About five gold pieces?” “Two silver pieces,” I said. “That’s too little!” she yelled. The shop owner’s face puckered in annoyance at the noise. Sorry, I thought. “No, that’s fair pay considering I’m young and I don’t have any qualifications.” Besides, they were also going to foot the tuition for me to attend the University of Magic. “B-but Ghislaine gets five gold coins! And you’re teaching me a lot of things too!” “But Ghislaine has qualifications, and she has the title of Sword King. She also doubles as your bodyguard. It makes sense that her pay would be 79Goldenagato | mp4directs.com higher.” Plus, a part of her high pay was probably thanks to the Boreas Greyrat family’s unsavory traditions. They seemed like they’d give preferential treatment to female beastfolk. “Th-then what about me?” “You can’t do magic or swordplay, you have no qualifications, so no matter how inflated your pay was, one gold coin would be the limit.” More to the point, she wasn’t given any spending money in the first place. “Grr...” “If you want to buy something for someone, please do it once you have earned the money to pay for it yourself.” “Okay, I understand.” She wore a rare look of utter defeat on her face. This sort of lecture usually meant nothing to her. “Well, I’ll see if I can talk Philip into at least giving you some money to spend when we get back.” “Really?!” Her head jerked up. I could almost feel her affection meter rising. Well, buying her whatever she wanted without letting her handle the money was just spoiling her. It was better for them to give her a little money and let her learn how to use it. I noted down the name of that book that caught my eye and we left the store. After today, I had a good understanding of what I wanted to buy and how much things cost. *** The sky was a beautiful mix of red and orange as we headed back home. It seemed the sunset didn’t change, no matter what world I was in. Just as I thought that, I looked up, only to see a floating castle. It hung among the clouds, faint but present. “Whoa!” Surprised, I pointed upward. Those around me briefly peered up, only to immediately lose interest. Huh? Couldn’t they see it? Was it just me? Was I the only one who 80Goldenagato | mp4directs.com could see Laputa, the Castle in the Sky? Was my dad a liar? “Is it your first time seeing it? That’s the Armored Dragon King Perugius’s floating fortress,” Ghislaine explained. Little late with the information but better late than never, Ryuk...I mean, Ghislaine! Anyway, a floating fortress, huh? That’s pretty awesome. “And Perugius is...?” “You know that, don’t you?” I felt like I had heard the name before, but I couldn’t remember. “Who is he again?” Ghislaine looked slightly surprised as she tried finding the words to explain. But Eris didn’t give her the opportunity. She darted in front of me and crossed her arms over her chest, legs a hip’s width apart. “Allow me to teach you!” “Please, do teach me.” “Very well!” She puffed up with pride. “Perugius is one of the three legendary heroes who defeated the Demon God Laplace!” The Demon God Laplace. Now where had I heard that name before...? “He’s incredibly strong. He took command of twelve men, and with his floating fortress marched into Laplace’s stronghold!” “Oh yeah? That’s amazing,” I said. “Isn’t it?!” “You’re quite knowledgeable about this, Young Mistress. Thank you.” “Eheheh,” she cackled. “You still have a long way to go, Rudeus!” I knew better than to question her and get myself punched again. Instead, I looked it up after we got back to the manor. When I asked Philip about it, he said they had a book on the subject lying around somewhere. Before I could ask him for it, he had already directed a butler to 81Goldenagato | mp4directs.com retrieve the volume for me. I was sorry for making him go through all that trouble, because the book was one I had seen at my house back in Buena Village: The Legend of Perugius. I had passed it off as nothing more than a fairy tale, but it seemed it was historical fact. Its contents could be summarized as thus: The Armored Dragon King Perugius. No one knew where he was born or raised. The oldest record of him came from his younger days before he was famous, when the Dragon God Urupen dragged him along to the Adventurer’s Guild. He showed such strength that in no time, the Dragon God Urupen, the North God Kalman, and the Twin Emperors Migus and Gumis formed a party with him. They crushed every opponent they faced. Thanks in part to his brotherly bond with Urupen, Perugius was written into history as the Armored Dragon and as one of the five dragon commanders of the Dragon God. He displayed the magnificence of his powers in the battle against Laplace. Perugius made use of his greatest strength, summoning magic, to call forth twelve familiars: Void, Dark, Bright, Surge, Life, Violent Earthquake, Time, Roaring Thunder, Destruction, Insight, Insanity, and Atonement. These were the aliases of the strongest familiars, the ones he manipulated. With them, Perugius restored the old floating fortress Chaos Breaker and headed into the final battle against Laplace. Yet all that power was not enough to completely destroy the Demon God, forcing Perugius to settle for sealing him away instead. Still, the strength and imposing appearance of Chaos Breaker in the sky was enough for people to call him the Armored Dragon King. The Kingdom of Asura praised him for his achievements, and with the end of that war, proclaimed the start of a new era. This was the current era, the Armored Dragon Era. (Right now it was year 414 of the Armored Dragon Era.) The Armored Dragon King Perugius did not rule or reign over anything, he simply hovered over the world in his floating fortress Chaos 82Goldenagato | mp4directs.com Beaker. No one knew his true intentions. More importantly, it had been 400 years. Was the guy even still alive? Wasn’t it just an empty castle floating around in the sky now? That said, if the opportunity ever presented itself, I would be eager to check it out myself. *** The next day found Eris in an absolutely horrendous mood. Perhaps it was because she’d had her first taste of an entire day of freedom, or perhaps because she had never been allowed outside the posh shops until now. Either way, letting her have a rest day was definitely a good idea. “I demand you take me again!” Her arms were folded, legs planted firmly apart. It was the same pose she always used, but this time her cheeks were tinged red. What kind of blush was it this time? An angry one or an embarrassed one...? Hm? Maybe she was feeling shy? No, there was no way that was possible. This was Eris we were talking about. “Um...” I hesitated to answer. She gritted her teeth. Then she took fistfuls of hair in both hands and thrust her hips back. “Please take me with you, meew...” “Yes, I will! I will take you with me, so stop that!” I demanded in a panic. It was certainly cute, I admit, but not good for my heart. It felt like bad karma was building up every time she did that. Bad karma that would resolve itself with a fist to my face. “Hmph! As long as you understand!” Eris sent her hair fluttering and plonked back into her seat before the hip-length locks had time to settle. “Now! Continue your lesson!” “Looks like you’re feeling motivated today.” “Because I know you’ll say you won’t take me if I don’t behave myself!” S-since when had she gotten this smart?! “Th-that’s right, I’ll take you as long as you behave yourself!” 83Goldenagato | mp4directs.com Impressed, I started on the last lesson for the day. *** NAME: Eris B. Greyrat OCCUPATION: Granddaughter of Fittoa’s liege lord PERSONALITY: A little violent DOES: Listen to what people have to say READING/WRITING: Quite adept at reading ARITHMETIC: Can subtract higher numbers MAGIC: Studying the basics FENCING: Sword God Style - Beginner-tier ETIQUETTE: Can do a normal greeting PEOPLE SHE LIKES: Grandfather, Ghislaine 84Goldenagato | mp4directs.com Chapter 5: The Young Miss Turns Ten Another year passed. Eris’s education was progressing smoothly. Her swordplay was so impressive that she became Intermediate-tier before her tenth birthday. That meant she could contend with the average swordsman. Ghislaine said that, even though she was just nine, she might rise to Advanced-tier in a few more years. Our Young Mistress was quite the genius. As for me? If asked directly, I would avoid your gaze. It seemed that I was no genius at swordplay. Eris’s ability to read and write was, well, functional at least. Ghislaine, who had been deceived numerous times and even sold as a slave because she couldn’t read, tried desperately to memorize everything. Unfortunately, Eris lagged when it came to arithmetic. It was her weak spot. There was no point in panicking though. I had no idea what she would grow up to do, but highly advanced math wasn’t necessary in this world. She just had to master the four principles in five years. That was enough. Magic lessons had been proceeding apace, but it felt like we had hit a slight impasse. Through chanting, the two could perform most of the basic spells. Eris had mastered just about every school of magic besides earth, but Ghislaine could only do fire spells. I wondered about the difference in their abilities, even though they were both taking the same class. Was Ghislaine just poor at water, wind, and earth spells? What I observed seemed to indicate so, but I couldn’t be sure. At any rate, it was clear that just chanting spells out of the magic textbook wasn’t enough for them to overcome this issue. Casting different schools of magic had come quite naturally to me so I didn’t know how to help them. I’d been making them practice silent casting recently, but the results were less than satisfactory. Sylphie was able to do it easily, so I wondered if it was an issue of age. Or perhaps Sylphie was just especially 85Goldenagato | mp4directs.com skilled. Maybe it was just a futile endeavor. It might be best to just move on to intermediate spells. But Eris and Ghislaine were both swordswomen, so it would better to have them master basic spells because they were more versatile. In the end, I decided to keep my lessons as they were. I wanted to believe they would be able to cast without chanting someday. *** Eris’s tenth birthday was drawing close. A person’s tenth birthday was a special one. It was customary for the nobility to host large parties for a child on their fifth, tenth, and fifteenth birthdays. On Eris’s birthday, the large reception hall and conjoining courtyard were opened to the party. Presents poured in from all over, and all the nobles of Roa were invited to attend. Since Sauros was the boorish military type, the initial plan was for a self-service, standing buffet, until Philip intervened and turned it into a dance party to make it easier for the local, less wealthy nobles to attend. The manor was bustling with frantic movement. Maids with dog ears rushed to-and-fro in the hallways. Maids weren’t supposed to run in general, but apparently this household let them do so when things got busy. Some were full-on sprinting even, fast enough that they could hit a transfer student as they were rounding the corner and send them rocketing to the moon. I kept to the edge of the hallway where I wouldn’t get in their way. I had no real destination in mind, I was just going for a walk. That was right, a walk. I had nothing to do with the frantic bustle. Right now, Eris was preparing for her leading role in the party by taking special etiquette lessons, so our classes had been cancelled. Philip had requested that Eris “at least make sure she act like a ten-year-old child without causing any shame to herself.” Apparently she didn’t meet that standard, because Edna, with a look of exhaustion, requested a drastic increase in the number of lessons with Eris. 86Goldenagato | mp4directs.com I honored Edna’s request, and thus came days of Edna keeping Eris from morning till night for her special lessons. That left me completely unoccupied. Of course, I was attending the party as a house guest, as it was really Eris’s celebration. There was nothing for me to do except stand in a corner and eat. Nothing special was required of me. I thought I should perhaps practice etiquette with my newfound freedom, but if I spent every day training, I would just wear myself out. Plus, I wanted to look around the manor while everyone was busy with preparations. This would be the first big event I’d attended. Surely there was someone around who could use my help. Although the only thing I could really do was taste test. “Come to think of it, do birthdays here come with cakes?” They didn’t in Buena Village, but cakes apparently existed here. I had never seen one, but sometimes a person wanted to eat something sweet. With these thoughts in my mind, I headed for the kitchen. I could have asked about the existence of cake, but I really wanted to take a walk. If my fortune was good, I might also find some food samples for the party. Yeah. Also, I was hungry. Was it still not time for lunch? “No more!” Right then, the door in front of me banged open, and Eris came flying out. Her shoulders were hunched as she dashed down the hall at an impressive speed and disappeared around the corner. Edna came chasing after her. “Young Mistress!” She looked both ways and sighed when she saw no trace of Eris. She began yawning, only seeing me halfway through. She offered me a weak smile. “Well hello there, Lord Rudeus.” It was a smile that begged for me to listen. Such an expression was rare for Edna. “You must be exhausted, Miss Edna.” “I’m sorry you had to see that.” I raised a hand as I approached her, and Edna bowed in a graceful movement. I put my hand to my chest and returned the bow. “What’s wrong?” I asked. “Well, this is a bit embarrassing, but the Young Mistress ran off.” 87Goldenagato | mp4directs.com Well, yes, I knew that since I watched it happen. It was pretty incredible. She was gone in mere seconds. I was pretty good at running away myself, but I was nothing compared to Eris. Edna looked troubled as she put a hand to her cheek. “You see, I have been teaching her dancing lately, but she just can’t seem to get it right. Now every time I try to teach her, she runs off.” “I see, that is troubling. I understand how you feel.” Mostly because she used to run from me too. Eris was the type who refused to do something she didn’t like. Edna had it rough. Catching Eris was no easy feat. “There’s less than a month until her birthday. If things continue like this, she’ll shame herself in front of her guests.” Edna said it like that was such a terrible thing. But wasn’t it a bit late for that? Eris already had a healthy reputation for being a violent little thing. Being unable to dance at a dance party seemed pretty far down the potential shame list. “This is her tenth birthday. It’s special. Becoming a laughingstock on that day seems far too cruel, don’t you think, Lord Rudeus?” She kept glancing over at me. If she wanted something from me, I wanted her to say it explicitly. “So what do you want me to do?” “Could, I mean, if you wouldn’t mind, Lord Rudeus, couldn’t you persuade her for me? To come back for her dance lessons.” There it was. *** Why did I agree to her request? Because I had nothing else to do, I suppose, and because of something Edna said: “Becoming a laughingstock on that day seems far too cruel.” In this world there was a custom of large celebrations on your fifth, tenth, and fifteenth birthdays; only those three times. It was tragic to imagine such a joyous day yielding nothing but painful memories. With a little effort 88Goldenagato | mp4directs.com from me the day could be truly enjoyable; without it there would be nothing but sadness. If I had just studied a little harder back in my previous life, I could have gotten into a different middle school, then those horrible things might never have happened. I might not have closed myself off from the world. Not that I thought Eris would do that, but she might end up with awful memories that would linger long after. With that in mind, I began looking for her. Fortunately, I found her immediately. She was behind the stables, lying her back atop a pile of hay. “Hmph.” She exhaled with a foul look when she saw me. I climbed up and sat beside her. “I heard you can’t dance very well... Whooooa!” She shoved me off the haystack with a kick. I managed to land safely and turned to guard myself. Eris was the type to always launch a follow-up attack. If I wasn’t prepared, I’d have a drop kick coming at the back of my unprotected head. Or so I thought, but the follow-up never came. She just remained sprawled on the hay, staring up at the sky. “...” I climbed back up and sat beside her. This time I grabbed onto the hay so I wouldn’t be sent flying. Rather, that was my plan until I felt an impact on top of my head. “Ouch!” Her heel was perched on the crown of my head. There wasn’t enough power behind it to be an axe kick, so it seemed she was just resting it there. She was in a foul mood but didn’t seem to have much energy. 89Goldenagato | mp4directs.com 90Goldenagato | mp4directs.com “Won’t you...go back to practice?” “I don’t need to know how to dance.” I glanced at her. She was still looking up at the sky. “But...” “I won’t dance on my birthday either,” she proclaimed frankly. But there was no way the star of a dance party could forego dancing. I had never participated in one, but I knew she’d somehow be dragged into dancing in front of everyone when the day came. “Why do I have to do something I’m not good at?” she groused, lips pushing into a pout. I understood how she felt. But running away just made things worse for the future. “Yeah, when you put it like that, it’s kind of difficult to answer.” What did I have to say to get her to understand? I knew she wouldn’t listen if I just told her she would regret it. That was the logic of an adult with regrets. You had to experience the emotion yourself to understand it. “You don’t get it. You can do anything,” she said. “No, there are certainly things I can’t do.” “There are?” “Of course.” “Hmm.” She didn’t ask me what they were. Instead she just looked at me with an expression that said she didn’t believe me at all. “But I do think that when you put in maximum effort toward something you’re not good at, you’ll feel that much more accomplished when you finally succeed.” “You think so?” She continued staring at the sky, not looking the least bit convinced. “I’ll help out too. Why don’t you give dance practice one more chance?” “I won’t.” That killed the conversation right there. I couldn’t find any other words 91Goldenagato | mp4directs.com to say. It looked like it was impossible after all. Maybe I was better off asking Ghislaine for help. Of course, she probably wouldn’t see the need to learn dancing either; even I didn’t see it. The only people who did were probably Edna and Philip. Maybe I should ask Philip? As I thought that, Eris removed her foot from my head. Then she kicked her leg hard, using the recoil to propel herself off the hay and onto the ground. “Rudeus.” “Yes?” “I’m going back to my dance lessons. Come with me.” Did what I said work? Or was she just being her usual, whimsical self? Whichever it was, she seemed to have found some motivation, so I was glad. “Very well, Young Mistress.” I followed her back to the dance hall. *** Helping with her lessons meant I was learning to dance myself. For things like this, you improved faster by having a partner. That said, I had never danced a day in either of my lives. My experience, at best, was limited to playing dancing games at the arcade during middle school, so I was a bit worried. “Wonderful. You are truly skilled at this.” Contrary to my expectations, I had already mastered some of the beginner steps. Dance was all about remembering the routine and matching your movements to the rhythm. My previous self may have struggled from utter lack of exercise, but my current self was pretty fit. The simplest of the steps didn’t require much getting used to. “Hmph.” Eris sulked when Edna complimented me. She had spent months working on this only to fail, so of course she felt 92Goldenagato | mp4directs.com bitter watching me master it so easily. I wasn’t just learning to dance however. I was observing Eris so I could figure out why she was struggling. There were two reasons for this. The first was that Edna was a terrible teacher. Well, not a terrible teacher exactly; she was probably average. It was her method of saying, “Do it this way,” “Do it that way,” and “Just memorize what I’m telling you” that was the problem. She never touched on why those things were necessary. The second reason was Eris’s failing. Her steps were too fast and too sharp. Her personality and movements were well suited to the Sword God Style, but they were a drawback when it came to dancing. Where she should have been lightly moving her feet to the rhythm of the music, she instead rigidly maneuvered her body at top speed, falling out of sync with her partner. Eris had her own rhythm and instinctively disliked being interrupted. She maintained it protectively no matter the circumstance, so no one could disrupt her flow. It was an incredible ability on the battlefield, but it only held her back in dance. Dance was all about matching your partner. According to Edna, this was the first time she had ever encountered a student with absolutely no skill for dance. That wasn’t the case though. Moving so quickly meant that there was a sharpness to her movements. In a dance routine that required that, she could dance beautifully. So that was why her teaching style wasn’t working. Though blaming Edna would not fix Eris’s movements. Still, there was something that could be done. As I watched Eris clumsily move through her dance steps, I decided to try something. “Eris, please close your eyes and try swinging your body to your own rhythm.” She looked doubtfully at me. “What are you planning, making me close my eyes?!” “Lord Rudeus...?” Edna’s gentle smile wavered. Uh, no, this isn’t what you think? I’m not trying to kiss her, I thought defensively. How rude of you guys, accusing a gentleman like me! “I’m going to use magic to help you dance.” “What! A spell for that exists?!” 93Goldenagato | mp4directs.com “No, I said magic. There’s no spell. It’s more of a miraculous phenomenon.” She tilted her head but did as I asked. Her dancing followed the same rhythm I had seen so many times during our sword lessons: quick, detailed, precise, but always irregular. Her movements were unreadable and naturally disrupted the rhythm of her opponent. I could never imitate them, not even if I wanted to. The rhythm of a natural egotist. “I’m going to clap my hands now. Try to match that rhythm with your steps as if you’re dodging an incoming attack.” As I said that, I began smacking my hands together in a regular beat. Eris matched the rhythm in quick, precise movements. I repeated that for a bit, calling out to her at certain intervals. “Yes! Yes!” It was always right before I clapped. Eris would wait for a moment then react as soon as she heard my hands come together. “Th-this is!” Edna raised her voice in amazement. Eris had danced the steps correctly. She was still a bit too fast, but at least she matched the rhythm. Edna balled her hands into fists and with an unusually excited smile, yelled, “You did it! You did it, Young Mistress!” Eris opened her eyes, all smiles and joy, and said, “Really?!” I continued my instruction, essentially raining on their parade. “Okay, okay, keep your eyes closed. You need to remember what you did just now.” “Remember it? I’m just watching for an opponent’s feints and dodging them!” That’s right. This was the same thing we did during our sword lessons when we dodged Ghislaine’s attacks. Each time she made a feint she would call out ‘yes’ so we would learn to dodge only the real attacks. Even Ghislaine’s feints were full of murderous intent. In comparison, it was easy to tell by my voice when I was feinting or not. Incidentally, I had better results during that lesson than Eris did. Eris was too gullible, so she fell for the feints easily. 94Goldenagato | mp4directs.com “Eris. You can use things you learn in one lesson in others. When you struggle with something, try to think about whether you have done anything similar in any of your other lessons.” “O-okay.” In contrast to her usual demeanor, Eris didn’t say anything else and just nodded, eyes still wide open. Looks like the problem was solved. “I shouldn’t be surprised. You have given the Young Mistress arithmetic lessons for more than a year now after all,” Edna said. She seemed thoroughly impressed, her eyes full of emotion as she looked at me. Shouldn’t be surprised, huh? So that was the level of hopelessness associated with teaching Eris arithmetic. Well, I did struggle quite a bit. I owed half of the credit to Ghislaine. I couldn’t let it go to my head. “This was an incredible learning experience for me. It seems swordplay and dance have something in common after all.” Edna looked like she had seen something unbelievable. Like, Oh, Father in Heaven, I have witnessed a miracle, or something like that. Totally over the top. “Well, there are dances that use the sword after all. Dance and swordplay are strongly related,” I said. “A dance that uses swords? Does something like that really exist?” she asked with wonder. Sword dancing seemed like common knowledge to my inner middle school nerd, but maybe it didn’t exist in this world. “Uh, yeah, but I’ve only read about it in books,” I said. “Well then, in the literature you read...where did it say that dance comes from?” “U-uh, well, it seemed like it was from a desert country.” “Desert... The Begaritt Continent then?” “I don’t know. As unlikely as it sounds, it could be that demon races in the Demon Continent dance that way. I hear they have lots of small clans, so maybe someone from there dances using swords,” I responded uncertainly. “I see, so it’s that collection of knowledge of various things that gives you such wisdom, Lord Rudeus,” she said, smiling kindly as she 95Goldenagato | mp4directs.com complimented me. Looks like she convinced herself of the fact. “That’s right, Rudeus is amazing!” Eris interjected proudly, for some odd reason. That’s right, praise me some more, I thought. I’m the type that feeds off praise. Bwahahaha! *** The day of the dance party. Eris was all dolled up and seated like a princess when Sauros roared for the festivities to begin. I hunkered down in a corner and observed from there. During the party’s opening ceremony, Philip and his wife deftly handled the poorer and lesser nobles that swarmed around the family. They conducted themselves so impressively that no one could find an opening to slip through them. If someone did happen to get through, they would be faced with Sauros himself. They would quickly look for ways to make their escape once they found themselves on the receiving end of his booming voice and irrationally one-sided way of talking. If they happened to get by him, they would be where they desired at last, in front of the star herself: Eris. Eris, who had no authority whatsoever and didn’t understand anything about politics. She turned into a robot that parroted the words, “Please tell my father,” whenever anything was brought up. Some brought their sons along to introduce to her; young and middle- aged men with good upbringings. Some were our age, but almost all of them were loud and obnoxious. They had probably lived their entire lives at home, without a care in the world. It was like looking at my past self. Just as I began feeling some kinship with them, it was time to dance. Like we planned from the beginning, I took up my role as Eris’s first dance partner. It was the simplest, most childish dance, but because Eris was 96Goldenagato | mp4directs.com the star we took to the center of the room. We just needed to do as we practiced. “Wh-wh-what are you doing!” As the music began playing, Eris turned rigid with nervousness. There was no way we could dance properly like this. Forget that, she might actually knock me on my ass and take off running. Hmm. I used my gaze and my steps to add some feints into our routine. When I did, she immediately set her lips into a pout. “What’s that for?” she mumbled again, but this time she sounded less nervous and more like her usual self. After that, she stepped on my foot a few times, but we managed to end the dance without falling. “You did well, Lord Rudeus,” Edna called out as it finished. Apparently, she could tell I had calmed the Young Mistress’s nerves even from afar. When she asked me how I did it, I simply replied that I did the same thing we did in practice. Edna wore a look of amazement, but when I told her it was the same as swordplay, she let a giggle slip. My duties were done, so it was time to binge on food. There was an unusually large selection today, including some sort of weird sweet and sour fruit pie, a meat dish that used a whole cow’s head, and a beautifully arranged cake. As I was stuffing my face, I caught sight of Ghislaine, who was standing guard. Her eyes weren’t exactly begging for food, but she did have some drool dripping off her chin. Fortunately, I was a man who could read the room. I wrapped some food in a napkin and instructed a maid to take it to my quarters. The guards and the servants would have a luxurious feast themselves after this, I heard, but nothing like the food that was being offered here. As I was almost done having the food carried off, my eyes fell upon a cute little girl in front of me. 97Goldenagato | mp4directs.com “A pleasure to make your acquaintance,” she said, before offering me her name. She was the daughter of one of the minor nobles. Her name was so long I couldn’t remember the whole thing. “Won’t you share a dance with me?” she asked. I explained that I only knew the basics before we headed onto the dance floor. I thought I actually danced pretty well. When it was over, another girl came, and again I was asked to dance. What the hell is this? I’m pretty popular, huh? They came one after the other, among them a woman over thirty and a girl younger than I was. I turned them down if our height difference presented a problem, but in general I said yes to anyone who asked. It wasn’t like I was a Japanese person who couldn’t say no. It was just that after telling the first girl yes, it was difficult to refuse the rest. Maybe I had an ulterior motive, but there were so many of them I couldn’t remember their names or faces, so I just exhausted myself. Once my popularity waned enough, Philip approached me and explained, “That was my father’s doing.” Apparently, when people asked Sauros who the boy was who danced with Eris at the beginning, he boastfully told them I was a member of the Greyrat family. In other words, everything was old man Sauros’ fault. Not that I could really blame him. He’d been asked about me: “That boy who danced with the Young Mistress at first, he did a splendid job calming her nerves. Could he be one of your illegitimate children, Lord Sauros?” That was apparently enough to get him in good spirits. We’d planned to keep my surname a secret, but maybe it was inevitable since alcohol was in the mix. But now that they knew my last name, they could assume that I was a member of the branch family or the child of a mistress. I was going to be somebody of note in either case, so the nobles sent their daughters and granddaughters after me. I asked him, “Wouldn’t it have made more sense to approach me right after the first dance?” He said he noticed me wrapping sweets up in napkins and found it so endearing that he decided to wait until I was finished. People who paid attention really noticed every detail. When I asked him what I should do about the women who approached 98Goldenagato | mp4directs.com me, he told me to engage with them freely. It seemed no matter how things played out in the future, he didn’t intend for me to get involved with politics. Or perhaps he thought it might be a political benefit if I ended up with one of those girls. I hadn’t the least bit of interest in wielding political power, so for me, today’s short brush with fame was like a transient dream. But wait, maybe if I become more powerful, I can have all the cute girls I want, I thought for a moment. “I do ask that you refrain from following Paul’s example by not sleeping with every single woman you meet, lest you stain the noble name of our house.” Well. Philip nipped that right in the bud then. Eris was the last girl to approach me. Her usual vivid and energetic aesthetic was replaced with a blue dress. Her hair was arranged in an up-do with a floral ornament tucked into it. She looked lovely. It seemed even she was exhausted after attending her first-ever dance party and being approached by unfamiliar adults, one after the other. Yet she still seemed excited, perhaps because she was the star of a party that was going so well. “Won’t you have a dance with me?” Gone was the usual loud voice, wide-legged stance, and untamed expression of the ill-mannered Eris I knew. She held herself just as gracefully as any of the other girls who had approached me. “Gladly.” I took her hand and we headed into the hall. As we moved to the center of the dance floor, Eris looked around and giggled lightly, all prim and proper. Suddenly, a song with an irregular, fast-paced rhythm began playing, one we had never practiced before. Maybe the musician was trying to be mindful of the guests. “Uh, what...” That one metaphorical punch was enough to throw Eris off. All because she was putting on her weird act. She looked pleadingly at me, and I began inserting feints to the rhythm of the music. It had an irregular beat, but that fit Eris’s style better, although her steps were rather disorganized. If Edna saw, she would probably get 99Goldenagato | mp4directs.com angry or exasperated. I held her hand and moved in and out, just as we did during sword practice. We matched our movements to the music, but they were still erratic. We probably looked quite peculiar to the onlookers. Eris was enjoying herself. She was finally laughing like a girl her age should, rather than being sullen and pouty as she usually was. Just seeing that was enough to make me feel like it was worth it attending this party. 100Goldenagato | mp4directs.com 101Goldenagato | mp4directs.com Applause erupted when the dance finished. Sauros came running over, lifted the both of us onto his shoulders, and ran around the courtyard laughing the whole way. It was an enjoyable party. *** When the party was over, I invited Ghislaine and Eris to my room. In truth I only intended to invite Ghislaine, but Eris was with her, so I extended the offer to Eris as well. Eris’s stomach growled when she saw the table full of food. She must have been too excited and nervous during the party to eat much of anything. I let out a wry laugh before pulling out some cheap wine I had purchased in the city and hidden in the depths of my dresser. It was meant for Ghislaine, but Eris wanted to drink as well, so I poured three cups. We clinked glasses and drank. The legal drinking age in this country was fifteen, but we were ignoring that today. It was okay to do something wild occasionally. After swallowing the last of my glass, something occurred to me. I stood. “This timing is perfect for my gift,” I announced, retrieving two wands from a shelf beside my bed. “What? What’s that?” “I guess you could call it a birthday present.” “Seriously? I’d rather have one of those.” Eris pointed to the various miniature replicas I had recently made while practicing my earth magic. There was a dragon, a ship, and even a figurine of Sylphie all lined up. Not to brag, but in my previous life I had been really into figures and plastic models in my twenties. I even made a homemade booth out of cardboard so I could paint them at one point. Unfortunately, materials cost a lot in this world, and there was no such thing as spray paint, so they weren’t painted. Still, it was fun, and I loved making the parts and putting them together, so they were quite detailed, even if they were the creations of an 102Goldenagato | mp4directs.com amateur. I did sell my first 1/8 scale Roxy figurine to a peddler for one gold coin. He was probably off traveling the world right now. Well, that aside. “According to my master, a magic teacher should present their apprentice with a wand. I didn’t know how to make one, nor did I have the money to buy the materials, so it’s a little late, but I hope you’ll take it.” As soon as Ghislaine heard that she stood and took a respectful knee before me. Ah, I knew what this was. This was the pose used by a disciple of the Sword God Style to pay respect to their teacher. “Yes, Master Rudeus. I will gladly accept this.” “Indeed.” She presented herself so humbly that I had to pass it to her as respectfully as possible. She gazed at it happily. “Now I can call myself a magician, right?” Ah, so that was what it was about? She was going to call herself a magician? Roxy and I never discussed that, but... No. This was just an object to show you had started on lessons and nothing more. Could you really call yourself a magician if you had only begun learning magic? Hmm. It seemed my master had not explained enough to me. “Uh, so Eris, is this the one you want?” I tried lightening the mood by presenting the Sylphie figurine to her, but she just shook her head. “No! That, I want that wand!” “All right, here you are.” She snatched it from my hands. Then, as if remembering how humbly Ghislaine had presented herself, she corrected herself and respectfully took it with both hands. “Th-thank you, Master Rudeus.” “Yes, be sure to take care of it.” Eris glanced meaningfully at Ghislaine. What’s that about? I wondered. Ghislaine froze for a moment before looking away. “I’m sorry, but there is no such custom in my race. I don’t have anything.” So that’s what it was about, Eris was hoping for a birthday gift. 103Goldenagato | mp4directs.com Eris retreated to the sofa, looking disappointed. Maybe there was no custom for employees offering their employers gifts, but I still felt bad that Eris didn’t get anything. She loved Ghislaine and saw her almost like an older sister. I could at least help out. “Ghislaine. You don’t have to give her anything special. Just something you usually wear on your person, something she could think of as a charm. Anything like that.” “Hm.” She thought for a moment, then slipped off one of the rings on her finger. It was a wooden ring, quite worn with scratches all over it. It reflected a slight greenish light. I wasn’t sure if it was due to some magic cast upon it, or simply the material it was made from. “This ring is a talisman passed down in my clan. They say it protects the bearer from being attacked by bad wolves at night.” “C-can I really have it?” “Yes. It’s only superstition.” Eris nervously took it from her. After slipping it onto her right middle finger, she squeezed both hands to her chest. “I-I’ll take good care of it.” She looked even happier than she did when I gave her that wand. Now I felt like I lost to Ghislaine. Oh well, it was a ring. Eris was a girl, right? So it made sense. Something nagged at me, so I voiced my suspicion. “Superstition? So does that mean you’ve been attacked by wolves?” Ghislaine wore a troubled expression. “Yes. It was so hot I couldn’t sleep that night. So Paul invited me to take a shower and—” “Changed my mind, that’s enough. I already know what happens after that.” No more. If we continued that conversation, it would just worsen my reputation. Damn that Paul. He was always getting in my way. “All right. Well, I don’t want to ask details about you and your father.” “Sounds good to me. All right then, let’s eat. The food’s cold, but let’s dig in anyway. And let’s forget about the whole teacher-apprentice relationship for now.” 104Goldenagato | mp4directs.com And that was how Eris’s tenth birthday came safely to an end. *** When I woke the next day, Eris was right beside me. She had such a fierce personality, but her sleeping face was so relaxed and adorable. “Wow.” Oh no, did I just lose my v-card?! Of course not! I could still remember what happened clearly. In the middle of the party last night Eris got sleepy, so she passed out on my bed. That was when Ghislaine said she was going back and left Eris there, returning to her own room. Well, they did say a man was a fool not to eat a meal set in front of him. Gehehe, let’s play a trick on her, I thought, licking my lips as I approached her. But Eris was sleeping happily, hugging the wand I had given her to her chest with Ghislaine’s trinket on her finger. The bad wolf, with its face full of lust, retreated. “Looks like your little talisman does have some effect after all,” I whispered. I slipped out of bed without disturbing her rest. It was still early in the morning. If you peeked outside you would see the sky just beginning to light, but everything was still dark. I could have stayed and watched Eris as she slept, but she would probably punch me when she woke up. Instead, I decided to go for a walk. So I left my bed and tip-toed my way out of the room. “Now then.” I began debating where to go as I traversed the chilly hallways. The manor gates didn’t open until later in the morning, so I couldn’t go outside. There weren’t many options. I had learned the general layout of the manor in the year that I had been here, but there were still many places I had never been. For instance, the single looming tower that I was told never to approach; that piqued my 105Goldenagato | mp4directs.com interest. Maybe I could get my hands on something good there, like someone’s underwear drying in the shade. With that thought, I took the stairs to the manor’s top floor. There I wandered aimlessly until I finally came upon some interesting spiral stairs. This had to be the entrance to that tower. I was told not to go near it, but yesterday was Eris’s birthday. I decided that meant I could flout the rules for today and started climbing. The tower’s external height matched the number of steps winding inside it. Around and around and around I went as I ascended more of them than I could count. That was when I heard a voice from above. “Meow, meow.” A seductive voice that almost sounded like a cat in heat. I tried to silence my footsteps by tip-toeing up the rest of the stairs. At the top, I found Sauros. He was inside a room so small barely a single person could fit, getting busy with one of the cat-eared maids. Aha, so this was why they told me not to come here. “Mm?” Sauros noticed I was there after I had gotten a good look at them. The maid had noticed me before him. It even seemed to excite her. Once the deed was finished, the cat-eared girl brushed past me on her way down the stairs. “Rudeus, huh?” Sauros’ voice was quiet, calm. Different from his usual demeanor. The wise old man mode. “Yes, Lord Sauros. Good morning.” He stopped me with a gesture when I moved my hand to my chest and tried to bow. “That’s enough. What did you come here for?” “There were stairs, so I climbed them.” “You like tall places?” He asked. “Yes.” Although if I looked out of a window here my legs would probably freeze up. Liking tall places and being okay with them were two very different things. Even if I conquered the entire world and built the tallest tower ever, I would still have my room on the bottom floor. 106Goldenagato | mp4directs.com “So, what were you doing here?” I asked. “I was praying to that gem there.” Huh. This house had an awfully degenerate way of praying, but I wasn’t going to say that. Even though Sauros normally seemed so strict, he was still a member of the Greyrat family. Still an apple from the same tree. “What gem?” I peered out of the bay window and saw a single red gem hovering in the sky. Perhaps it was the light, but it looked like something was moving inside it. It was amazing. Was it floating there by magic? “What is that?” “I don’t know.” He shook his head. “I found it three years ago. But it’s nothing bad.” “How can you say that?” “It’s better to think of it that way.” I understood; he was right. The gem was out of reach. Convincing yourself it was something bad would only have a negative impact on your mental health. Better instead to think it was something good and pray to it. I prayed too. “Rudeus, I’m going to go out on a long ride. Will you come?” “I would be honored.” The old man had just fired his gun, so to speak, yet he was still energetic. He was apparently willing to spend time with me today since he had no other plans. “Yay!” was probably what I should have said, but the whole thing just sounded exhausting. “By the way,” I started to ask. “What?” “Do you not have a wife?” I heard a crunching noise. When I realized it was Sauros grinding his teeth, a chill ran down my spine. “She’s dead.” 107Goldenagato | mp4directs.com “Oh, I see. I’m very sorry to hear that.” He’d had such a good time with the cat-eared girl and now I made him remember something unpleasant. In that case, it was best I not ask about whether Eris had any siblings either. “All right, then let’s go.” “All right.” Today was one of our days off. Tomorrow, Eris would have to work hard again. *** NAME: Eris B. Greyrat OCCUPATION: Granddaughter of Fittoa’s liege lord PERSONALITY: A little violent DOES: Listen properly READING/WRITING: Almost perfect at reading ARITHMETIC: Can do numbers up to 99 MAGIC: Can chant almost all the basic spells FENCING: Sword God Style - Intermediate-tier ETIQUETTE: Skilled enough not to embarrass herself at a party PEOPLE SHE LIKES: Grandfather, Ghislaine, Rudeus 108Goldenagato | mp4directs.com Chapter 6: Learning A Foreign Language Eris became better behaved after her tenth birthday. She took her lessons seriously and punched me less frequently than before. More relaxed after being released from the fear of domestic violence, I decided to focus more on my own studies. I started getting an overview of this world’s history with the book I borrowed from the library. It showed that this world had existed for at least 10,000 years. Its history was truly fantastical. The gist of that history was as follows: More Than 100,000 Years Ago The world was split into seven smaller worlds, each with its own god to rule over it. This was called the Ancient Age of the Gods. These seven worlds and their respective gods were: The world of humans, Human God. The world of demons, Demon God. The world of dragons, Dragon God. The world of beasts, Beast God. The ocean world, Sea God. The sky world, Sky God. The barren world, Barren God. These worlds were separated by barriers, so coming and going was no easy task. Someone who lived in one world had no idea there were other ones. Only the gods and those strong enough to cross those barriers knew of the other worlds. Twenty Thousand to Ten Thousand Years Ago 109Goldenagato | mp4directs.com In the dragon world, an incorrigibly evil Dragon God was born. With his incredible and dreadful power, he destroyed the barriers separating the worlds. With his followers, known as the Five Dragon Commanders, he began destroying the other worlds. Survivors from each destroyed world fled to other worlds seeking shelter. When there was only one other world left, the Dragon God’s commanders finally turned on him. The head of the Five Dragon Commanders, the Dragon Emperor, and the other four Dragon Kings fought the Dragon God and his overwhelming power. Five versus one in a battle to the death. It ended in a draw. The dragon world crumbled in the aftermath, leaving only the human world. That was this world. Ten Thousand to Eight Thousand Years Ago Known as the Chaotic Period. A period where the ancestors of modern humans and the refugees from other worlds, after being thrown together, began clashing. There exists almost no literature from this period, but according to scholars, after many years of strife, the races slowly became segregated. The beastfolk began living in the woods, the waterfolk controlled the oceans, and the skyfolk secured the highest places they could find. There were nearly no dragonfolk left, but they avoided attention and lived secretly, while the voidfolk, who could live anywhere, spread themselves out. That left the humans and the demons to fight between themselves on the plains. At the time, the Central Continent and the Demon Continent were still joined by land and called the Great Continent. Approximately 7,000 Years Ago Martial arts and magic were developed, and the population increased. This was also when The First Great Human-Demon War occurred. As the name implies, it was a head-on collision between the humans and the demons. Something like a World War in the world of my previous life. It was a long battle that involved not only the humans and demons, but other races 110Goldenagato | mp4directs.com as well. Approximately 6,000 Years Ago A thousand years passed as the Great War raged on, with fierce battles and lulls interspersed between. The hero Arus led his six comrades into battle, continuing the hostilities until he defeated the Five Great Demon Kings and the Great Emperor of the Demon World, Kishirika. Based on the Great Emperor’s name, I guessed they were probably a woman. In my head, I pictured Eris in a leather outfit, cackling loudly. Wait a second...Arus? What the heck was this, Dragon Quest 7? Approximately 5,500 Years Ago Being the fools they were, the humans got drunk off power from defeating the demons and began warring against the other races, as well as among themselves. Demons were reportedly used as slaves during this time. This period of constant war continued for almost 500 years. Five Thousand Years Ago The Second Great Human-Demon War broke out. Seeking vengeance for a thousand-year grudge, Kishirika, the Great Emperor of the Demon World, stirred the demons into action. I thought Kishirika was some sort of name each emperor received as they took the throne, but apparently the Emperor was immortal. Even if they died, they would revive hundreds of years later. Perhaps the reason they were called the Great Emperor of the Demon World was because they were a rank above the other Dragon Emperors. Either way, the demons made allies of the beastfolk and seafolk, overwhelming the humans. The humans were driven into a corner. Four Thousand Two Hundred Years Ago The Second Great Human-Demon War came to an end. 111Goldenagato | mp4directs.com The warmongering humans fought for 800 years without admitting defeat and finally forced their enemy back. This was thanks to the efforts of the legendary hero, Golden Knight Aldebaran. This guy was a total cheater. He routed over 10,000 men by himself. He defeated all the powerful demons he encountered and fought one-on-one with the Great Demon Emperor. His final attack was so powerful it created a hole in the Great Continent, splitting it into the Central Continent and the Demon Continent, with the Ringus Sea in between. One passage wrote that he was the Human God himself. The only Aldebaran I knew was the one who would die if he used his own lethal technique. So it seemed this world’s Golden Saint was made of tougher stuff. The whole bit about him splitting the continent sounded like a load of garbage, but it was true that the continent separated into two, forming a new ocean. A long-sought peace finally settled over the land once the continents split. Four Thousand Two Hundred to One Thousand Years Ago Time passed quickly after that. The world was at peace, but the demons were being driven from the Central Continent. The humans were a clever bunch, using diplomacy to corral all the demons onto the Demon Continent. The Central Continent’s land was naturally lush and easy to live on, whereas the Demon Continent’s land was barren and prone to magic accumulating in certain areas. By forcing the last of those foul demons onto the Demon Continent and blockading it, the humans were metaphorically slipping a silk cord around their necks and strangling them with it. This was all done with the cooperation of the other races, in the hopes there would never be another Great Human-Demon War ever again. The demons most likely resisted this in some way. They were, after all, on the receiving end of a concerted attack. But whatever their reaction was, no war broke out. As a result, they soon became desensitized to the way they had been restricted from leaving their continent. 112Goldenagato | mp4directs.com In that harsh environment with scarce resources being fought over, civil war naturally broke out. This forged them into fierce warriors, but their numbers dwindled. One Thousand Years Ago The Demon God Laplace came into being. In the long history of demons, there were many Demon Kings and Demon Emperors, but there was only one who people referred to as the Demon God. In a relative blink of the eye, Laplace rallied the demons and conquered the Demon Continent. The records from battles at that time turned into war chronicles that were passed down. Even now on the Demon Continent, Laplace is still treated like an idol. Laplace spent many years cultivating his empire, grooming his race to be tough and fierce. Five Hundred Years Ago The start of Laplace’s military campaign. After many long years spent winning over the seafolk and beastfolk, Laplace finally made his assault on the Central Continent. The humans were forced into a war far more brutal than any they had fought before. Laplace launched his invasion from the south, drawing all the humans’ military power there. Then he set his wyrms upon the land, making passage through the mountains impossible. After that he took the humans by storm, attacking with a separate unit from the north, scattering his enemies. In a short time, he had gained total control of the north and the south. Then, from both directions, he pressed his assault on the western region. Four Hundred Years Ago Forced into a corner, the humans took their last gamble. The seven heroes convinced the seafolk to lift their blockade, then set out on the seas for 113Goldenagato | mp4directs.com the Millis Continent. Millis had escaped the invasion for many reasons, such as the barrier around Holy Millis, its robust army of holy knights, and the topography that made it difficult for a large army to disembark. Part of the reason they were so isolated was also due to a great forest that covered the north. Now allied with the demons, the beastfolk had taken control of the Holy City of Millis. So the seven heroes set about persuading them to their side. Or rather, the seven went to the head of each clan, took their children hostage, and threatened them into cooperation. In the book it was written that the children cooperated willingly, but I wasn’t deceived by such an obvious spin. It came to the day of the decisive battle. The last remaining kingdom of humans on the Central Continent, the Kingdom of Asura, mounted all their effort for the final battle. Soon the seven heroes came, leading the holy knights of Millis and the beastfolk in an assault on Laplace’s main stronghold. After a violent confrontation, four of the seven heroes were dead, but they successfully sealed Laplace away and destroyed his closest companions. Three heroes survived: the Dragon King Urupen, the Northern God Kalman, and the Armored Dragon King Perugius. They were referred to as the Three Legendary Demon God Slayers, but...they didn’t slay anything! Though Laplace was defeated, the humans were greatly exhausted from the battle and couldn’t keep up the fight anymore. Instead, they signed a treaty with one of the demon kings back on the Demon Continent, one that wasn’t allied with Laplace and led a more moderate faction of the demons. The blockade on the Demon Continent was lifted. The demons could now freely travel to the other continents. According to the terms of the treaty, racial discrimination against demons was prohibited. It was like the United Declaration of Human Rights in my previous world. Present Day The deep-seated trend of discrimination against the demons continued, but things were mostly peaceful. 114Goldenagato | mp4directs.com From all of this, I understood a couple of things: 1. Cutting things off at the number seven was done for historical reasons. There were seven legendary heroes, and seven worlds. Thus the lucky number was seven. Six was unlucky, since there were the Five Dragon Generals and Five Great Demon Kings, each of which made six when counted with their respective leaders. 2. The various races like the elves, dwarves, and halflings were like subspecies, but they were counted among the demons. It was possible they were new races that had developed during the Chaotic Period. Or perhaps they had something to do with the barrenfolk that first came over. Incidentally, part of the reason so much knowledge about this long history existed was because some species were immortal. This was the case for the Great Demon Emperor Kishirika as well as a few other Demon Kings. Perhaps there was some sort of magic that made them live forever. *** By learning about the history of this world, I also turned up some information about the other languages that existed here. The most commonly used ones were: The Human tongue: used on the Central Continent. The Beast God tongue: used in the northern part of the Millis Continent. The Fighting God tongue: used on the Begaritt Continent. The Sky God tongue: used on the Divine Continent. The Demon God tongue: used on the Demon Continent. The Sea God tongue: used throughout the seas. To distinguish them, the languages were named after the Gods of the various races residing on different continents. Only the Human language didn’t use that convention, a decision that might incur their god’s wrath. 115Goldenagato | mp4directs.com The humans who spoke the Human tongue on the Central Continent were divided into three regions: north, west, and south. Each region’s language had minor differences from the others, something like the difference between American and British English. My native tongue was the western dialect of the Human tongue. Apparently that dialect was mutually intelligible to those in the north, but in other regions it was best not to use it. Men from the western region were thought to be wealthy, and wealth only attracted unwanted— sometimes unfortunate—attention. The Millis Continent was also split between the north and the south. The north spoke the Beast God tongue while the south spoke the Human tongue. As for the sea, seafolk lived all over the waters of the world. I had heard the term “fish people” before, but never seen them in the city. *** On top of my regular monthly income, I made and sold figures, assisted Philip in managing the daily hiring of part-time workers, and sometime resold wares I had bought several months prior. With these little bits here and there, I managed to earn a small amount of coin. Unfortunately, that book I had wanted sold while I wasn’t paying attention. I couldn’t buy what wasn’t for sale. I began thinking about using the money I had saved to buy something else. What could you buy with four gold coins? No, there’s no need to spend it all at once, I reasoned. That was when a book in a language I didn’t know caught my eye. After reading about the world’s history and learning about its languages, I remembered how important it was to learn them. Which was how I began learning a foreign language. I decided to start with Ghislaine’s native language, the Beast God tongue. I also wanted to learn the Demon God Tongue. I decided to send Roxy a letter in hopes that she might teach me, even if just a little. 116Goldenagato | mp4directs.com *** I turned nine. That meant two years had passed since I first became Eris’s home tutor. I’d spent a year learning the Beast God tongue. I had Ghislaine’s assistance but acquiring the language didn’t take much time. There weren’t many letters to memorize, and so long as you knew its grammatical pattern, it was easy to speak. I was terrible at foreign languages in my previous life, but this body seemed to be good at remembering things. Now, I was going to learn the Demon God tongue. I bought a cheap book on the language. The owner of the bookstore prefaced the sale by telling me, “I have no clue what’s written in here, just so you know.” It was seven gold coins, but I haggled the price down to six. *** Three months passed. My study of the Demon God tongue wasn’t making much progress. Translation itself was difficult; in fact, to be honest, I had no idea what was written in this book. If I at least knew its title, maybe I could have guessed at its contents from context and dug my way through. But I didn’t know them, nor did I know the language, so I gave up. The reason the Beast God tongue had been so easy for me to learn was partly because of Ghislaine, and partly because the book I was using told the tale of one of the beastfolk heroes from the Legend of Perugius. It was a side story, but so long as I had Legend of Perugius with me, I could pick out vocabulary easily. For the book in the Demon God tongue, I had no idea whatsoever. How did archaeologists manage to decode languages anyway? They began with vocabulary, I thought. First, they sought out similar vocabulary words, then began hypothesizing meanings for those words. Probably. Anyway, right now I had no idea what parts were even vocabulary. Not a clue. Just as I was lost as to what to do next, Roxy’s reply finally arrived. I 117Goldenagato | mp4directs.com had heard nothing in over a year. I was beginning to wonder if something had happened to my letter or if she no longer resided at Shirone’s Royal Palace. But finally, a reply. “Heheh...” I was happy enough just getting a letter from Roxy. I hoped she was doing well. I restrained myself as I took the letter from the maid. A letter? It was more like a small package. A fairly heavy wooden box. Not quite that large, but around the size of a phone book at least. Inside the box was a letter and a thick book. The book had no title, but the cover was made of animal hide. It was like a phone book with a jacket on it. I decided to start with the letter. I smelled it before I opened it, and it was almost like inhaling Roxy’s scent. To Lord Rudeus, I received your letter. I am sure you have grown greatly in this short time. My jaw dropped when I read that you became the home tutor for the grandchild of Fittoa’s liege lord. If you must know, I failed the interview for that job. You must have some powerful connections to have landed that. If I weren’t currently the home tutor for the king’s son, I might be jealous. Still, you even became acquainted with Sword King Ghislaine, and became her pupil on top of that. Sword King Ghislaine is very famous. After all, she’s the fourth strongest person in the Sword God Style. Ahh, just where did the five-year-old who peeked at me while I was bathing go? You feel so far away now. Now, let’s get down to business. You said you want to learn the Demon God tongue, yes? Each sub-race possesses some unique magic unknown to humans. I doubt any literature remains, but if you learned the language, you could visit those sub-races’ settlements and have them teach you. Of course, that is IF you establish a good rapport with them first. This would be impossible for the average magician, but maybe not for you. It’s with these great expectations that I created this textbook for you. I wrote it myself. It took me a long time, so I hope you’ll use and treasure it 118Goldenagato | mp4directs.com and not sell it or throw it away. If I see it for sale in a store I might cry. Speaking of stores, the prince snuck out of the castle the other day and bought a small statuette that looks just like me. The robe is detachable, and even the blemishes on its skin are perfectly placed. Creepy. Maybe I’m going to be cursed. I have no idea what to expect, but...so long as it seems safe, I’ll send this letter to you. From Roxy. P.S. - You’ll be recognized among adventurers as a magician if you carry a staff. I see. First, the whole thing about me peeking at her bathing was a misunderstanding. I wasn’t peeking; I just happened to glance in. Total coincidence. I mean it. Okay, I did know when she showered, but my peeking in was a fluke. There were times I deliberately took walks around the house, but the time it happened was a pure accident! That aside, was Ghislaine really the fourth strongest person in the Sword God Style? There was the Divine-tier, Imperial-tier, and the King- tier... Wait, what? Ah, maybe there were two people at the Imperial-tier. Did that mean there was only one person at the King-tier? I heard that most of the swordfighters in the world used the Sword God Style, so I thought there would be around ten people with King-tier proficiency, but perhaps that was harder to achieve than I thought. Also, it appeared the Roxy figurine I made had accidentally found its way to its subject. That prince had good taste. More importantly, the book included in her package was something she wrote herself. I didn’t know when my letter reached her, but she must have written that book in less than half a year. She worked so hard to write it for me, so I was sure it would be instrumental in deciphering the Demon God tongue. I would do my best to accomplish that. With that in mind, I sat down and opened the book. It was like a bar 119Goldenagato | mp4directs.com popped up over my head that said, NOW READING. “Wow, this is amazing.” I couldn’t hide my surprise when I looked inside. It was a textbook, but it was also a dictionary. There were translations for every word in the Demon God tongue. Roxy most likely took a dictionary from the royal palace and copied all the words down. She covered vocabulary, specific turns of phrase, and even described the pronunciation extensively. That was only the first of the surprises. In the latter half of the book, she also wrote what she knew about the various demon races. The descriptions of each race were accompanied by her personal commentary. Don’t do this with this race, don’t do that with this other race. There were even (poorly-drawn) illustrations annotated with the peculiar traits of each of the races. There was an especially long portion, spanning five pages, where she wrote about the Migurd Race in minute detail. It made me happy to think she did that because she really wanted me to know more about her and her people. People of the Migurd race tend to like sweet things, she wrote. I wondered if it were true. If it were, I wanted to prepare something sweet for her the next time we met. That said, the fact that she wrote this whole thing in less than a year made me feel like I was nothing compared to her. If we did meet again, I would have to kiss her feet. That aside, this book was the best textbook I could have asked for. My grades hadn’t been particularly good in my previous life, but I was incredibly good at learning things in this one. I was sure that in six months I could perfectly master the contents of this book. At the very least, I wanted to be able to master basic conversation. It was time to put my nose to the grindstone. Ghislaine 120Goldenagato | mp4directs.com Rudeus had shut himself in his room. He was up to something again. He had a habit of surprising Ghislaine like that sometimes. When she first met him, she thought he was just a kid, and not at all dependable. She thought Paul was being an over-confident, too-proud parent when he forced this kid on her. Ghislaine owed Paul. She had no feelings for him other than a sense of obligation. On the off-chance that Rudeus failed to be appointed Eris’s tutor, she still planned to propose that he stay here. In the end, he won over Eris’s trust in record time and secured a place in the house as her tutor. The kidnapping was something he’d proposed. Ghislaine heard that the butler took advantage of the situation out of greed, but when she arrived on the scene to help Rudeus and Eris, he was already dealing with the two people hired by the butler on even footing. He managed to manipulate two different schools of magic in a unique fighting style—albeit an imperfect one—that overwhelmed his opponent, an Advanced-tier North God Style swordsman. He did drop his guard at the end, perhaps because he was still a child, but his combat instincts were genius- level for someone of his age. Even for Ghislaine, initiating battle with an opponent over a hundred meters away would likely mean defeat. Beyond his fighting instinct, he was exceptional at organizing effective lessons for Eris that were easy to follow. Ghislaine never thought she would be able to learn reading, writing, arithmetic or receive a wand. She, the village nuisance, who had been entrusted to some wandering swordsman before she had even turned ten. She who had been turned away from adventuring parties despite becoming a Saint-tier swordswoman. When she finally managed to join one, she was continuously told by some not-too- bright, frivolous man that she had muscles for brains, so there was no point in wasting time thinking. What would those people say if she went home now? Just thinking about it brought her to the brink of a smile. Ghislaine never thought the day would come when thinking about people from her village would make her feel triumphant. And all this, unprecedented, from a boy who would be the same age as her son if she’d had one. After her party disbanded, Ghislaine was swindled almost every day. 121Goldenagato | mp4directs.com The defrauding left her penniless, but the strict discipline her master instilled in her against touching the belongings of others meant she couldn’t turn to thievery. She was on the brink of starvation. That was when Sauros and Eris took her in. Ghislaine paid Rudeus the same respect as she paid the two of them. If she went as far as calling him “master,” her sword master would probably fume at her. “Don’t you dare put me and that brat on the same level!” It was probably best to call him her teacher instead. And Rudeus deserved respect for his skills as a teacher. He was truly patient when he taught her arithmetic and magic. Ghislaine tried her best, but she wasn’t good at picking up new things. She made the same mistakes over and over. Despite that, Rudeus never showed the least bit of annoyance as he carefully explained things to her. He would change his phrasing each time to help her understand better. Thanks to his efforts, in two short years Ghislaine had mastered the basics of fire and water magic. And now, according to Rudeus’s curriculum, she was not moving on to intermediate-tier spells, but instead learning to cast spells without chanting. It was sound logic—if she could master that, she could use magic even when both hands were occupied. She understood that logic and was working hard to accomplish it. Granted, working hard at something didn’t necessarily mean she would accomplish it. Ghislaine’s sword master, who was a Divine-tier swordsman, was always preaching about logic to her. He’d say things like, “In other words, logic is the foundation.” That his style of swordplay, cultivated over many years, was founded on rationality. Ghislaine’s younger self detested the simplicity of the foundations, so her master went to great lengths to drill them into her. She was forced to practice them repeatedly. Rudeus’s teaching style was very similar. When he wasn’t around, Eris would often complain, “I want to use fancier magic.” But Ghislaine was fine with how things were. In a real battle, the most reliable fighter wasn’t the advanced magician who took forever to cast a powerful spell. It was the magician who could adapt to the situation and had full mastery of basic and intermediate-level magic. In the past, she thought magicians were completely useless in battle. 122Goldenagato | mp4directs.com But after seeing Rudeus fighting, Ghislaine had changed her mind. An opponent who moved swiftly while using offensive magic to restrict his opponent’s movements would be a formidable enemy for any swordfighter. She heard his only real match back in his village was Paul. Paul, who was immature, and surely came at Rudeus without holding anything back. If the result of that were Rudeus gaining the ability to move strategically in a swordfight...then that was a happy coincidence. So, Paul was good for something after all. Had he made one misstep, Rudeus might have quit fighting altogether and wasted his potential. Rudeus must have inherited that refusal to quit from his father. Ghislaine eventually wanted to teach him a technique to defeat Paul. Unfortunately, Rudeus had no talent for the Sword God Style. He overthought everything. He took the logical foundations of the style, tried performing them even more logically, only for the results to be completely illogical. It wasn’t a bad thing, given his personality. He was most likely using magic as a basis for his swordplay. That was not, however, appropriate in the Sword God Style, where a single step decided everything, and a battle ended within a split second of swords crossing. He was more suited to the North God Style or the Water God Style, but it seemed Paul hadn’t taught him either. Unfortunately, Ghislaine only knew the Sword God Style. She couldn’t teach him herself, but she knew someone who could. If he still wanted to learn swordplay in three years, she would introduce him to someone who used the North God Style. Right now, she could only continue teaching him the foundations of the Sword God Style. If he mastered them, he would see rapid improvement when he began learning the North God Style. If he still wanted to learn swordplay by then of course. He currently seemed at an impasse with magic since he had no master to teach him, but he would surely become an accomplished magician someday. Rudeus might not reach the Divine tier, which seemed an almost inhuman feat, but he might reach the Imperial tier. Ghislaine wondered how to guide him. Surely Roxy, his magic instructor, had struggled with the same question. She thought it a bit pathetic that the girl ran from the problem, but Ghislaine couldn’t blame Roxy for 123Goldenagato | mp4directs.com doing that. In fact, she should probably thank Roxy. After all, it was through Roxy’s instruction by proxy that Ghislaine learned to use magic herself. Learning from a stupid teacher only held a pupil back. She might get a taste of that bitterness while teaching someone else the sword someday. Her thoughts had veered off-track. Ah, yes. She wondered what Rudeus was doing in that room. Unlike the Young Mistress, who seemed overwhelmed with the free time her day off provided her, Rudeus was always sticking his fingers into something new. Most recently he came to Ghislaine’s room after dinner with a book in one hand, telling her that he wanted to learn the Beast God tongue. She wasn’t sure what he planned to do with a language that was only used in a large forest village, but he spent the next six months learning it. The Beast God tongue didn’t have any difficult expressions in it, so he could probably engage in a daily conversation fluently. “Now I can go to the large forest village whenever I want,” he said afterward, joy absent from his expression. And what did he plan to do in such an isolated place? He became flustered when Ghislaine asked. “Huh? Nothing in particular... Oh, there might be some cute girls there though. With cat ears.” That convinced her. He was definitely Paul’s son and had most certainly inherited the Greyrat blood. Her certainty came from the fact that everyone in the Greyrat household seemed to stare at her with an odd look in their eyes. If they were just ogling her because she was a woman, it wouldn’t have bothered her as much. Their gazes were peculiar. Other men might look at her breasts. First her face, then pretending to look somewhere else while they ogled at her chest. After that they would go lower, to her stomach, then her crotch, then her thighs. When they were behind her, she knew they were checking out her butt. The Greyrat men, however, were different. At first Ghislaine thought they were the same, looking at her face and her butt. It was fine, so long as they weren’t expecting anything more. Aside from Paul and his strange tastes. 124Goldenagato | mp4directs.com But she realized their eyes focused on odd places. Not on her face, but just above it. It wasn’t exactly her butt they were eyeing either. She discovered they were staring at her ears and tail. Eris, Sauros, and Philip were all the same in this. Before Ghislaine went to fetch Rudeus from his house, she asked, for the first time, why they kept staring at her ears. When she did, Philip replied, not looking the least bit abashed by it, “Because the Boreas family likes beastpeople.” He stared at her ears as he said it. Rudeus, she was told, was a different case. While he had not inherited the noble name of Notos, he was still part of the family. “As Paul’s son, I have no doubt he shares his father’s fondness for women though,” Philip added. Ghislaine had little doubt about that at the time. When she actually met him, however, Rudeus was such a gentleman it was hard to believe he was Paul’s son. Unlike his father, he worked extremely hard, was very serious about studying, and showed great self-control when it came to sex... Well, it might be too early to tell for that last part. But she did suspect he might not be Paul’s child. She had since revised that stance. There was no doubt about it: Rudeus Greyrat was Paul’s biological son. “So, you really are Paul’s son. Can’t be satisfied with women of the same race, eh?” “I was only joking. Please don’t put it like that.” It definitely wasn’t just a joke. This boy was going to be a womanizer someday. Lately, a sparkle had started to form in Lady Eris’s eyes when she looked at Rudeus. Ghislaine may have been ignorant in the affairs of love, but even she could see it. Eris looked just like Zenith had when she began falling in love with Paul. Rudeus had apparently begun learning the Demon God tongue lately. First the Beast God tongue, now the Demon God tongue. In the future, he seemed likely to set out on a quest to meet all the women in the world. Paul once said something similar about traveling around the entire 125Goldenagato | mp4directs.com Central Continent so he could create a harem. He abandoned that on the Millis Continent when Zenith caught hold of him, but perhaps Rudeus had inherited that idea. Honestly, what a worthless father-son pair... No. Ghislaine respected Rudeus. That wasn’t a lie. Paul was the only one she held contempt for. Rudeus may have shown glimpses of the same disposition, but he had yet to act on it. Yet. He was still a boy worthy of respect. Yes. At least for now. “What’s wrong, Ghislaine?” Eris appeared before her as she was lost in thought. Eris had grown a lot in this past two years. Ghislaine had first met her five years ago. At that time, Ghislaine thought she was an utterly hopeless, selfish little girl. On Eris’s first day of sword lessons, Ghislaine trained her until she could barely stand. Then at night Eris came at Ghislaine with a wooden sword. Ghislaine put a quick end to that by turning the tables on her, but for months afterward Eris’s fiery gaze tracked Ghislaine, waiting for Ghislaine to drop her guard. Ghislaine used to be a troublesome child herself, so she felt a fondness for Eris. She was just like that when she was younger after all. In the beginning, Eris would always complain about this or that during training. That finally abated recently. And after her birthday last year Eris stopped yelling and sullying her clothes. Rather than attributing it to her etiquette lessons, Ghislaine was inclined to think it was because Eris wanted to look good in front of Rudeus. Maybe he’d said something to Eris on her birthday. Something he had learned from Paul, Ghislaine was sure; the kind of words that would make a woman’s very womb tremble. Come to think of it, Eris had stayed the night in Rudeus’s room. Could it be... No, it wasn’t possible, both were still far too young. Still, Ghislaine wouldn’t be surprised if the two of them became a couple eventually. There weren’t many men that could handle Eris. “I was thinking about Rudeus.” “Hmm, how come?” Eris tilted her head, a shade of jealousy in her eyes. 126Goldenagato | mp4directs.com Don’t worry, Ghislaine thought, I’m not going to steal him from you. “I was wondering, why is he trying to learn the language of the Demon Continent?” “He’s explained it before.” Did he? Ghislaine thought she paid attention to his lessons, but she had no idea what spurred his sudden interest in foreign languages. “What was it?” “‘It might be useful someday,’ he said.” Right, he said that when they were wandering around the stores and he was writing down the names and prices of different wares. Did that actually ever prove to be of any use? Now that Ghislaine thought about it, that thief in her party a long time ago was very knowledgeable about the market value of consumables. One time that thief found a shop with healing remedies which were half the usual price and proposed that the group buy them in bulk, only to later discover the goods were all of inferior quality. It was an unpleasant memory. If you didn’t know the market value of goods, you might be sold poor- quality goods at two or three times the price and not even know it. At the time, Ghislaine told Rudeus that she didn’t understand his reasoning, but in hindsight it seemed a good idea after all. Thanks to Rudeus’s arithmetic lessons, she would no longer be cheated out of change. But it was still possible she might be deceived if a shop owner tampered with prices to begin with. She couldn’t become a trader just because she had learned some math skills, but such skills certainly had many uses. “Forget about Rudeus for now. You can think about him all you want and you won’t understand him,” Eris said. “More importantly, Ghislaine, if you’re free, accompany me in sword practice,” She had really been devoting herself to the sword lately. Ghislaine wasn’t sure why, but perhaps she was feeling some pressure. Rudeus was nine. Eris had been the same age when the two of them first met. It was clear he was much more mature now than Eris had been at that age. Not just in reading, writing, arithmetic, and magic, but also in his social skills and conversational prowess. He may have lacked etiquette, but he had manners. 127Goldenagato | mp4directs.com He was polite as a trader, and had a sense of humor too. There was a glint of mischief that made him seem much older than his nine years. If you interacted with him only in writing, you would probably believe him if he said he was forty. That was apparently a popular scam in the Dragon Kingdom. A literate bandit would pretend to be the son of some noble family and write a letter to the daughter of another noble family. They would spend weeks earning her trust, then draw her beyond the safe confines of her home. Then they would capture her and sell her off to slavers. Perhaps Eris wanted to beat Rudeus at one thing. If that thing was swordplay, Ghislaine was more than happy to help. “All right, Eris. To the courtyard.” “Okay!” She nodded enthusiastically. If Eris continued training in earnest, she might one day surpass Ghislaine. Right now, her skill level was just Intermediate-tier, but after three years of working on the foundations, her potential was beginning to show. Her steps were sharp, fast. Her fighting spirit was beginning to drive her movements. If she learned how to use that consciously, she would definitely reach the Advanced tier in the Sword God Style. If she mastered it completely, she could be Saint-tier. That future surely wasn’t too far off. Ghislaine didn’t know how much Eris would grow, but if she managed to attain Saint-tier skills while Ghislaine was still teaching her, then Ghislaine would let Eris meet her master. If possible, Ghislaine would take Rudeus along as well. Ghislaine wondered how her master would react to that. She was looking forward to it. *** NAME: Eris B. Greyrat OCCUPATION: Granddaughter of Fittoa’s liege lord PERSONALITY: A little violent 128Goldenagato | mp4directs.com DOES: Listen properly READING/WRITING: Improving with writing as well ARITHMETIC: Still bad with division MAGIC: Can’t do any spells without chanting them FENCING: Sword God Style - Intermediate-tier (soon to be Advanced- tier) ETIQUETTE: Can imitate ladylike manners PEOPLE SHE LIKES: Grandfather, Ghislaine, Rudeus 129Goldenagato | mp4directs.com Chapter 7: Absolute Promise After all of that, I finally turned ten. I dedicated most of the last two years to language studies. Besides the Beast God tongue and the Demon God tongue, I also learned the Fighting God tongue. It was extremely close to the Human tongue, so it was easy. Somewhat like the similarity between the German and English languages. The basics of grammar were the same as the Human tongue; the only differences were expressions and vocabulary. The languages in this world weren’t that difficult. Once you learned one, you could use it as a basis for learning the others. Probably a side-effect of all the warring between the races. However, there was no literature in either the Sky God tongue or the Sea God tongue, nor any people who used those languages around here, so I was unable to learn them. Oh well, speaking four languages was more than enough for me. As for swordplay, my skills were approaching the Intermediate tier. In just two years Eris had gone from Intermediate-tier to Advanced-tier, so I was no longer any match for her. You could really feel the gap in our abilities. Ah well, I thought. It seems she spent her days off training really hard, so that’s how it goes. While I spent my free time learning languages, she spent hers with the sword. The gap between us was only natural. As for magic, I only practiced through making figurines. I was able to make them more and more detailed, which probably meant I was improving. It was true that I had hit a wall though. Of course, that would be solved once I began learning at the Magic University. There was no use in being impatient. Ten years had passed since I came into this world, huh? The thought made me a bit emotional. 130Goldenagato | mp4directs.com *** As my birthday was about a month away, the people in the manor began growing restless, Eris especially so. What is it, I wondered. Was someone important supposed to be coming? Like someone else from the Greyrat family, or perhaps Eris’s fiancée? No way, it couldn’t be. Eris with a fiancée? I felt like a fit of strange laughter might burst out of me. But the restlessness made me anxious, so I decided to investigate. After doing a magnificent job of tailing Eris, I spotted her chatting happily with a maid in the kitchen. Ghislaine was there too, but she hadn’t noticed me. The brawny, animal-eared swordswoman was distracted by the meat that had been set out for our next meal. “I can’t wait to see the look of surprise on Rudeus’s face! He might even weep with joy!” “I’m not certain about that. It is Lord Rudeus we’re talking about. Even if he felt surprised, he might not let it show.” “But you do think he’ll be happy, right?” Eris asked. “Yes, of course. As part of the branch family, I’m sure he’s had a rough time of it.” I hadn’t really had a rough time of anything. But what exactly were they talking about? Were people gossiping about me? I was fairly confident I had done a fine job of being good, but perhaps I was the only one who thought so and the other people of this house actually found me unpleasant. If that were the case, I was confident I would weep. Specifically, confident I would create more work for the maids by using my pillow as a tissue to soak up all my tears. “I have to make sure it’s ready in time!” Eris said. “Being impatient won’t make things go well.” “If I can’t make it well, you think he won’t eat it?” “No, Lord Rudeus would eat anything you made for him,” the maid responded. 131Goldenagato | mp4directs.com “Really?” “Yes, as long as Lord Sauros is present.” Ah. I knew what this had to be. Preparations for a surprise party, huh? “If only Rudeus hadn’t been born to that house.” There was pity in Eris’s voice as she said that. Now that I knew what the conversation was about, I decided to take my leave. It turned out that I was someone who had to be kept from the public eye. In the past, I might have thought they wanted to hide me because of who my father was, but now I knew it wasn’t that. This was something I had learned in the past couple of years. Paul’s real name was Paul Notos Greyrat. Notos was the name of Paul’s noble family. A long, long time ago, Paul was disowned by the Notos household, and his cousin or younger brother became the head of the household in his place. That was fine, it was the past. Except that there were those who wouldn’t, or rather, didn’t, want to leave things in the past. Those in power were full of paranoia. Worst case scenario, they might send assassins after me. That was why it was necessary to hide me. Ordinarily, I should have been treated as more important than Eris since I was a boy, but instead I was being treated like a servant. Even the tenth birthday celebration, one of the most important noble customs, had to be limited in scale for me. That’s why everyone kept saying, “Poor thing, how awful.” That was why Eris had gone to her grandfather for the first time in a long while to request a secret party for me. One just for the people in the manor. A modest home party especially for me. Still, that was close. I was glad I eavesdropped, because although I knew about the customs here, a tenth birthday was nothing special to me. In fact, my own idea of a party was a house party, not that gigantic celebration that Eris had for her birthday. If someone had told me they were going to throw me a birthday party, my reaction would be pretty flat. Like, “Oh, really? Thanks,” or similar. 132Goldenagato | mp4directs.com But this was Eris’s idea. I was the only one her age around here, so this was the first time she’d done something like this. If I didn’t act excited about it, she would be disappointed. I decided to practice making fake tears with water magic. Because I was a man who knew how to read the situation. *** My birthday. I pretended I didn’t notice how anxious everyone in the manor was. Once afternoon lessons ended and we had our break, Ghislaine came to my room. She was unusually nervous, her tail standing sharp and rigid. “Th-there’s some magic I want you to teach me.” Her gaze, which was usually unwavering, was suddenly shifty. Apparently, she wanted to keep me in this room. Okay, okay. I would board this train. “Ohh? Like what?” I asked, knowing whatever answer she gave was surely planned. She looked me dead in the eyes and in a very serious voice replied, “Will you show me what Saint-tier magic looks like?” “Sure, but it will damage the city.” “What? Just what kind of magic is it?” “Saint-tier water magic involves gale force winds and a lightning storm. If I try hard enough, I can probably submerge the entire city.” “That’s amazing... I would like you to show me that next time then.” She was oddly excited about it. That must have been part of the plan. All right then, let’s tease her a little. “If you’re that interested, let’s do it. If we ride out about two hours, we should get a safe distance away. Let’s leave now.” Her cheek twitched. “Two hours?! N-no, wait. If we leave now, we’ll get back late. Monsters come out at night. Even the plains aren’t safe.” 133Goldenagato | mp4directs.com “Really? But we should be fine so long as you’re there. You said before that beastfolk are sensitive to sound, so you’re just as vigilant at night as you are during the day, right?” “That’s true, but it’s never good to overestimate yourself.” “True. Plus, I do use an awful lot of magic when casting Saint-tier spells. Let’s do it on our next day off then.” “Yes, all right. That’s good. Let’s do that.” I found a good spot to drop that conversation. Normally, nothing could fluster Ghislaine, so teasing her like this was pretty entertaining. Her tail went rigid when she lost her composure too. Just one word from me made it twitch. That alone was enough to amuse me. “Oh yeah, I’m sorry, I didn’t pour you any tea. Let me go get some hot water.” “No, it’s fine. Don’t worry about it. Don’t move. I’m not thirsty.” “All right then.” I could actually make the hot water myself, but she didn’t seem to realize that, so I kept it to myself. I could see she would do whatever she could to keep me in here. Maybe it was time for a little sexual harassment. “By the way, this is one of the figures I made recently.” From my shelf I took a 1/10 scale figure of Ghislaine that I was still working on. I was confident I had improved a lot since I first started making them. The sculpting of the musculature alone was professional work. Ghislaine let out a small breath as she looked at it. “Is this me? You’ve gotten pretty good at this. You did a nice job before when you were making one of Lady Eris, but this one is... Hm? There’s no tail.” “Unfortunately, I only have a vague understanding about tails. I usually create these from my imagination, but this time I’m being very picky because I want it to look as close to the real thing as possible.” “Hm.” Her tail twitched as if she were deep in thought. Heh, I’m looking forward to seeing just what kind of face you’ll make, I thought. 134Goldenagato | mp4directs.com “Would you let me see yours? The base of your tail that is.” “No problem,” she said. She turned around and pulled her pants off. She didn’t even hesitate. Right in front of me was her firm, muscular behind and the base where her tail attached. Amazing! I knew it would be! She’s so fearless! There’s no winning against her, I silently gushed. No! I couldn’t falter, not here. Ghislaine always had her guard up, but right now my curiosity overcame me. “C-could I touch it for just a moment?” “Sure. Go ahead.” It’s hard, I thought. Huh?! Wait a second, this is her ass, right? Right? It was as hard as steel. Yet at the same time, there was a certain softness to it. The ideal balance, the perfect amount of muscle. A perfect marriage of the properties of both red and white muscle! Any man, no matter who he was, would admire this. It was a little bit difficult to find this sexy though. Lord of Muscles, God of Sex, how grateful I am for your existence, however much the polar opposite of me you are, I thought. So grateful, so grateful. Please, bless unto me muscles such as these. “All right, that’s enough.” I lifted my hands away from her butt, feeling mentally battered. Ghislaine adjusted her pants then turned back to face me. “I once saw an artist painting a portrait of Lady Eris. Seeing that made me want something similar, something that could capture the current state of my body. I look forward to seeing the finished product.” She looked genuinely happy as she confided this to me. It felt like I had lost as a man in a battle of masculinity. Was there no way I could win against someone as handsome as Ghislaine? “It’s about time for dinner, isn’t it?” “H-hm, I think there’s still a bit of time left?” I made her tail flinch one last time before the maid came to call us for dinner. “All right, Rudeus. It’s time to eat, let’s go.” She stood quickly, as if 135Goldenagato | mp4directs.com trying to hurry me along. Apparently, the real show was about to start. *** I entered the dining hall to a burst of applause. I had previously met every person gathered here at least once. Of course, Sauros and Philip and Hilda, whose presences were typically scarce, were also in attendance. The party was being held in the same dining hall we always used. It was beautifully decorated for the occasion, with an assortment of fancy food I had never seen before lining the tables. Of course, not to the extent of what I saw at Eris’s party, but while the spread was not as pretentious, there was a warmth to it. I made a face like I didn’t know what was happening and looked around the room. “Wh-what’s this...?” Behind me, Ghislaine was clapping. “Eh? Huh?” I acted flustered. “Rudeus! Happy birthday!” Eris wore a bright red dress and had a large bouquet of flowers in her arms. I kept the dumbfounded look on my face as I accepted them from her. “Oh, that’s right. I turn ten today.” I recited the lines just as I had practiced them, as if I had only just realized it was my birthday. Then, just as I had planned, I scrunched my face up and covered my eyes with my sleeve. At the same time, I used water magic to make tears well from my eyes. After a few moments I sniffed. “I-I’m sorry. I-I just, this is... This is the first time since I came here... I kept thinking I couldn’t screw up, that I wasn’t welcome here... That if I screwed up, it would just cause issues for my father... I never thought you all would celebrate like this for me. Sniff...” I lifted my sleeve to check out their reactions, only to see Eris looking gobsmacked. Philip and Sauros and all the others in the room had ceased clapping. They all stood with their mouths agape. Crap. Was my acting too corny, I wondered. No, that wasn’t it. It was the opposite. It was too good. 136Goldenagato | mp4directs.com I screwed up, I should have acted with moderation. Sigh. I really was a terrible adult for concocting this plan in the first place. Ah well, too late, best to continue as I had planned. Flustered, Eris turned to the butler asking, “What should I do??” Were my tears that big a deal? Her reaction was so cute that I put my arms around her. Then, in a nasally voice, I whispered words of gratitude in her ear. “Eris, thank you.” “N-no big deal! Y-you’re family after all! It’s obvious I’d do this! Th- this is nothing to the Greyrat family, r-right, father! Grandfather!” Normally, she’d say something like, “You better be grateful!” But instead she was making excuses and looking to Philip for backup. That was when Sauros rose up, barking: “W-war! We’ll go to war with Notos! We’ll kill Pilemon and install Rudeus as the head of the family! Philip! Alphoooonse!!! Ghislaaaaine! Follow me! Let’s gather the troops!” And thus dawned the inter-family war between the Boreas Greyrat and Notos Greyrat households. It was a bloody feud that enveloped the remaining two Greyrat branch families as well, pulling the whole of the Asura Kingdom into what would become a long, drawn-out civil war. No, of course not. That didn’t happen. “F-Father, restrain yourself! Please, restrain yourself!” “Philiiiip! Do you plan to stand in my way?! You bastard! Surely you, too, think Rudeus would be a more fitting head of household than that ridiculous buffoon?!” “Yes, of course I do, but calm down! Today is a day of celebration! Plus, war isn’t a good thing, we would be making enemies of both Zephyros and Euros!” “You fool! I’ll defeat everyone by myself! Release me, release meeeee!” Sauros left the room, dragging Philip behind him. Even after he was gone, I could still hear his voice. I was dumbfounded. “A-ahem,” Eris cleared her throat once. “Leaving Grandfather aside for the moment, I prepared something for today that will surprise you, Rudeus!” 137Goldenagato | mp4directs.com She flushed red as she giggled and puffed out her chest in pride. It was adorable. She recently began wearing bras now that her breasts had started growing. Right now, they were just cute, but some day they would grow into something incredible. Or so said the Wise Old Hermit. Thanks, Wise Old Hermit. “Something that will surprise me?” I echoed back. “What do you think it is?!” Something that would surprise me... What could it be? Something that I would enjoy... A laptop and an erotic game? No, no. I had to think of something that Eris seemed likely to come up with. I considered my current situation. I was away from my parents and had been alone for several years. She probably thought I was lonely, especially since it was my birthday. If it were Eris, what would she want? For Ghislaine or her grandfather to come celebrate with her, right? If I applied that to me, then... “Don’t tell me, my father’s here...?” Her face clouded over as soon as I said that. Not just hers, but the maids’ and butlers’ faces as well. It was a look of pity. An incorrect guess. “M-Mister Paul...couldn’t come because monsters have become more active in the forest lately, he said. B-but he said you didn’t need him here anyway. As for Miss Zenith, she said the two young ones suddenly fell ill with a fever so she couldn’t come either.” Eris gave a choppy explanation. Ahh. So, they did invite them. Well, it couldn’t be helped. The village relied on Paul quite a bit, and if both the girls were sick, Zenith couldn’t leave their care solely to Lilia. It would have been nice to see them again, since it had been so long, but oh well. “U-uh, um, Rudeus. You know, um...” Eris started stumbling over her words again. It was cute, like a cat that got itself into trouble after acting so tough all the time. But don’t worry, I thought. It’s better if Paul’s not here. “Oh, I see. So my father and mother didn’t come then.” I meant to sound like I didn’t mind, but since I had just stopped crying, my voice was all 138Goldenagato | mp4directs.com nasally. I probably sounded completely dejected instead. One of the maids sniffled. I’d screwed up big time. I hadn’t meant to make the atmosphere so glum. Sorry, guys, looks like I can’t read the atmosphere after all. Just as I thought that, Hilda dashed over and took me in her arms. I dropped the bouquet of flowers I was holding by accident. “Argh!” I barely spoke with Hilda. She had the same red hair as Eris and had the aura of a widow still at the prime of her youth, radiating raw sexuality. Someone who might appear in an erotic game with “young wife” or “widow” in the title. Of course, she wasn’t a widow so long as Philip was alive. She shouted as she squeezed me tightly. “It’s all right, Rudeus, you can calm down. You’re part of our family now!” Huh? Didn’t she hate me? “I won’t hear any complaints! You’ll be our adopted... No, marry Eris! That’s right! That’s a great idea! Do that!” “M-Mother?!” Hilda had taken leave of her senses. Marriage, she said. Even Eris was surprised. “Eris! Do you have a problem with our Rudeus?!” “He’s only ten!” “Age has nothing to do with it! Now stop making excuses and spend that time refining yourself as a lady!” “That’s what I’m doing!” Hilda was on a rampage, with Eris firing back. I was told she married into the family, but I guess she was still a Greyrat through and through. She had the same wild presence as Sauros. “Okay, okay, let’s do this some other time.” “Argh! Darling! What are you doing! Unhand me! That poor child, I have to save him!” Philip gracefully escorted his wife from the scene after he returned from restraining Sauros. Whenever a situation developed, he would address it 139Goldenagato | mp4directs.com with glacial composure while everyone else stood dumbfounded. He was cool, like a master magician. A man you could rely on, someone you could consult with about anything. “So, what is it? The surprise you were talking about,” I inquired, after picking the bouquet off the floor. Eris folded her arms, puffed out her chest, and stuck out her chin. It had been a while since I last saw this pose. “Hmph! Alphonse! Bring it here!” She snapped her fingers as if to make a sharp, assertive sound, but it came out dull and flat. Her cheeks flushed, but Alphonse seemed unperturbed as he produced a staff from the shadows of a sculpture. A staff, the same one that Roxy had used. A magician’s staff. One made of gnarled, knobby wood. At its tip was a large, costly-looking magical crystal. The moment I saw it I knew. That staff was expensive. I knew because I had made two wands myself. The rank of a staff was determined by the wood and the stone at its tip. Each type of magic had a certain affinity with different types of wood. Fire and earth spells matched best with persimmon wood, while water and wind matched best with pagoda wood. But even if the affinities didn’t match, it didn’t mean the power of a spell was diminished. The important thing wasn’t the wood, but the magical crystal. Channeling magic through the crystal increased the potency of a spell. There were many grades of crystal, but the larger and more transparent, the more effective it was. A crystal’s price increased astronomically with its effectiveness. The crystals I used to make Eris and Ghislaine’s wands were worth a silver coin apiece. There were cheaper ones, but I remembered the approximate size of the wand Roxy gave me and selected something similar. They were about as big as the tip of my smallest finger. This one was as big as a fist and was easily worth over a hundred gold coins. Especially with its ultramarine hue. A crystal with color to it greatly increased the potency of its magic. Just how much did she spend on that thing? I wondered. 140Goldenagato | mp4directs.com Incidentally, the magic-imbued crystals found in labyrinths didn’t have an amplifying effect. Instead, they carried magic power of their own, so they were either used in magical items or used to supplement a person’s mana cost when using a powerful spell. “It seems you’ve taken a liking to it!” Eris said with a nod of satisfaction as I examined it. “Alphonse, explain!” “Yes, my lady. The wood for this cane comes from the branch of a living elder treant in the eastern part of the great forest on the Millis Continent. I’m sure you are already aware of this from your extensive learning, Lord Rudeus, but it is said that an elder treant is a higher subspecies of the lesser treant, born from the nourishment of the fairy spring. It’s an A- rank magical creature that can manipulate water magic. The crystal comes from the northern part of the Begaritt Continent, from a wayward sea dragon. Another A-rank item. The crafter is Chein Procyon, the greatest staff craftsman, the Rod Director in the Asuran Royal Palace’s Mage Guild.” Incredible. It seemed to be especially made for water magic. But it was expensive, right? “Please, accept the staff from the Young Mistress.” The staff was passed to Eris, and Eris offered it to me. I wasn’t going to worry about its cost right now. I told Eris not to spend money frivolously, but it was fine on a day like this. It seemed she ordered it especially for me, so I hadn’t the heart to refuse her. Money existed for things like this. “Its name is Aqua Heartia—Arrogant Water Dragon King.” I paused; I felt like I’d just heard something really nerdy. “Take it! This is a present from the Greyrat family! My father and grandfather requested it! You’re a great magician, Rudeus, so it’s strange for you not to have a staff of your own!” Eris’s voice brought me back to my senses and I accepted Aqua Heartia. Contrary to its appearance, it was quite lightweight. I took it in both hands and swung it around. It was easy to lift and flip. Despite the large crystal at its tip, it was balanced well. No surprise there, given how expensive 141Goldenagato | mp4directs.com it was. Though the name was a bit...special. “Thank you. For the party, and for giving me such an expensive gift.” 142Goldenagato | mp4directs.com 143Goldenagato | mp4directs.com “Don’t worry about the price! Now quickly, let’s resume the party or the feast we prepared will get cold!” Eris was in a good mood as she tugged at me, guiding me to the birthday seat that had been installed in front of a gigantic cake. “I helped too!” Other than Eris’s first home-cooked dishes, which were atrocious, the rest of the food was delicious. *** Once the party started, Eris’s mouth went off like a machine gun, talking about the cooking and the staff. I gave short responses as I listened, but midway through her words began to slow. Perhaps it was the exhaustion. She spoke less and less, beginning to mumble until she finally dozed off. I wasn’t sure if it was because she was exhausted from the excitement, or because her nervousness had finally lifted. Either way, Ghislaine carried Eris off like a princess so she could sleep in her own room. Sleep well, I thought. Sauros and Hilda returned partway through the party. Sauros turned sullen after Philip intervened when he tried giving me alcohol. Hilda poured the old man some instead, and eventually he got utterly smashed. He left for his own room with a drunken smile and red tinge to his cheeks, laughing merrily. Hilda leaned over and gave me a final kiss goodnight before retiring to her own quarters. Most of the food had been polished off by that point. The maids cleared the last of the empty plates with sleepy looks on their faces. That left only Philip and me. For a while Philip just quietly knocked back his drink. Wine, I guessed. I learned during Eris’s birthday that each region of the Asura Kingdom had its own form of alcohol. In this area it was largely made from wheat, but wine from grapes would be prepared for special occasions. Philip hadn’t talked much during the party. He had admonished Sauros and Hilda, but otherwise spent most of the time watching over us with a smile on his face. It was now, when the two of us were left alone, that he let the 144Goldenagato | mp4directs.com words flow. “I lost the battle to become head of the family. Right now, Eris is my only child.” So, it was going to be a serious conversation. I adjusted my posture and gazed intently at him. “Don’t you wonder why it is that Eris has no brothers or sisters?” I nodded quietly. “A little.” I was curious, but I was never able to ask about it. “The truth is, it’s not that she doesn’t have any. She has an older brother and a younger brother. Her younger brother is probably about the same age as you, I think?” “Was he killed in the battle to become head of the family?” Philip looked at me, shocked; I’d asked the question a little too directly. “No, of course not. He’s not dead. He was taken to the imperial capital by my elder brother as soon as he was born.” “Taken? What do you mean?” I pressed. “On the surface, he took him there as an adopted son to let him study. The truth is...it’s a tradition, I suppose.” Philip explained the Boreas family’s tradition, one that was connected to the battle to become the head of family. Sauros had ten sons. Among them only three were exceptional: Philip, Gordon, and finally, James. It sounded like the name of a certain locomotive. To decide who would be the head of family among these three, they were made to compete. The result was that James would become the next head of the family. Philip and Gordon had lost. During the first half of the power struggle, James first secretly pulled Gordon and the daughter of the Euros Greyrat family together. He maneuvered things so neither one would know the other’s background then fanned the flames of their love. Gordon became too focused on that romance, and just as James had planned, married into the Euros branch of the family. That effectively cut off his path to becoming head of the Boreas family. In the latter half of the struggle, Philip and James were evenly matched. They continued to fight by manipulating people from behind the 145Goldenagato | mp4directs.com scenes. But it wasn’t like some dramatic development occurred. The battle simply ended with Philip’s defeat. It was a matter of influence. James was six years older than Philip, widely known throughout the capital, and had served as a minister’s aide. He had connections, money, and, more than anything, political power. Philip was an excellent candidate, but that six-year gap was nearly impossible to overcome. Once James became the head of the household, he made Philip the mayor of Roa. At that time, Philip had yet to give up. He tried to formulate a comeback strategy, but the lands in Fittoa were largely rural, making it difficult to build political power. While Philip was breaking his back trying to do what he could, James stayed in the capital and built himself a rock-solid position as minister. That made the gap between them impossible to bridge. Then, when Philip’s son was born, James claimed him as an adopted son. “Isn’t it a bit tyrannical of him to take all of your sons from you?” “No, it’s fine. That’s the tradition.” In the Boreas Greyrat line, all sons born into the family were raised under the care of the head of the household. This prevented those who had lost in previous power struggles from participating in future ones. It ensured they would not involve themselves to boost their own son’s influence in the next struggle for power. This was a common issue, a problem that occurred all over Asura Kingdom. Apparently, the Euros family which Gordon married into had a different tradition, but Philip obeyed the Boreas tradition and surrendered all his sons to James while they were still young and had no awareness of the world. The only father they would recognize was James. “The situation would have been reversed if I had won.” The way Philip calmly accepted the situation made me think he may not have been Sauros’s true-born child after all. The same could not be said for his wife. Hilda was from a normal noble family. Having her newborn baby taken from her wasn’t something she could so calmly accept. In the aftermath of losing her oldest son, she fell into depression for quite a while. Once Eris was born, she seemed to recover, but 146Goldenagato | mp4directs.com when Eris’s younger brother was taken, she became unstable again. “She hated you. After all, why did the son of an outsider get to parade around here as if he owned the place, when her own sons couldn’t even do that?” I had already figured out that she hated me. At least now I knew she had a reason for it. “Plus, our only remaining child, Eris, turned out to be a tomboy instead of a lady. I thought all hope was lost.” “What do you mean by that?” “It would be difficult to try to use Eris to overthrow James.” By overthrow did he mean...? Ah, he still hadn’t given up on becoming the head of the family. “But lately, after seeing you, I’ve started to feel a little bit of hope.” “Huh?” “Your acting is good enough to deceive even Hilda and my father.” So, he noticed I was putting on a show. But the word “deceive” didn’t have a very nice ring to it. I just tried to act in a way that wouldn’t make things unpleasant. Philip continued, “You understand the importance of money, and you know how to be diplomatic. And you don’t balk at the necessity of putting yourself in harm’s way to win over people’s hearts.” He was probably referring to the kidnapping incident. Or the fact that I stuck around even though someone my age (Eris) was punching me all the time. “But most of all, Eris has grown tremendously under your supervision.” Philip sounded like he never could never imagined this. He had heard how exceptional I was from Paul, but as the son of someone who spent all his time flipping skirts at my age, he probably thought I would be the same type of delinquent. He figured something interesting might happen by pitting his unruly daughter against me, like observing the chemical reactions of a science experiment. Apparently, that was about as far as he’d imagined it. 147Goldenagato | mp4directs.com “I can still remember the day when Paul came running here crying,” Philip muttered to himself. I asked Philip to explain, who said Paul came crying because he was going to get married but didn’t have the money to afford a place and needed a stable job. Yet at the same time Paul didn’t want to return to his noble family. Apparently, he got on his knees for my sake, something he didn’t do even when the incident with Lilia happened. Well, that was in the past, anyway. “Wouldn’t Eris have found a way even without me here?” “Found a way? Of course not. Even I thought Eris was hopeless. I thought she had no future as a member of a noble family. That was why I hired Ghislaine to teach her swordplay so that she might at least become an adventurer.” After he said that, Philip recounted several of his past episodes with Eris, every single one painful to listen to. “So how about it? Will you marry Eris and help me seize control of the Boreas family? If so, I’ll tie her hands and put her in your bed right now.” That was a tantalizing offer... My mind conjured the image of getting a pop-up screen like in a game, saying, “Are you sure you sure you want to dispose of this (your virginity)? Once it’s gone, it will be gone forever!” No, no, wait, wait, wait! This is no joke. Read the previous line again, I commanded myself. Seize control of the Boreas family? “What are you trying to make me do? I’m ten!” “You’re also Paul’s child, are you not?” “I’m not talking about that!” “I will be the one to seize control of the family. All you must do is take the seat. If you want women, I’ll give them to you.” Did he really think I would listen just because he said he’d give me women? Paul’s bad reputation truly was loathsome. “I’ll pretend you said all this because you’re drunk.” Philip laughed quietly when I said that. “That’s right, go ahead and do that. All that stuff about the Boreas family aside, you’re free to pursue whatever relationship you want with Eris, you know? I have no responsibility for her. Even if I did marry her off, she would surely come right back. I 148Goldenagato | mp4directs.com would prefer to hand her over to you instead.” Another muted laugh. If he married Eris off, she would probably punch her husband to death within a couple of days. I could picture it easily. Just as easily as I could picture myself dancing to Philip’s tune if I took him up on that offer. “All right, it’s about time to sleep then.” “Yes, good night,” I responded. So ended the birthday party that Eris had staged for me. *** When I returned to my room, Eris, who should have been asleep, was sitting on my bed. “Oh, w-welcome back!” She was wearing a red negligee. Extremely sexy. I was sure she had never worn anything like this before. What was going on? Also, wasn’t she supposed to be asleep? “What are you doing here at this hour?” When I asked, her cheeks burned red and she averted her eyes. “I-I thought you would be lonely by yourself, so I was going to sleep with you tonight!” Apparently, she was still worried about what I said during the party, about whether my parents were coming. After all, she was still clinging to her parents at age twelve. Maybe imagining being without them for three years spurred her into coming here. No. Unlikely as it seemed, it was possible this was Hilda’s idea. Maybe she roused Eris, forced her to change, and sent her over here. “...” I took a second, hard look at Eris. Her body had not yet fully matured, but it was beginning to. Probably because of all the sword practice, her arms and legs were well toned. Whether it was because she was taller than the average girl or the negligee she was wearing, she also looked more grown-up 149Goldenagato | mp4directs.com than usual. Eris was already twelve after all. She was barely entering my strike zone. My body was still immature as well. I had yet to hit puberty, though it would surely be upon me in a few years. Maybe then I would welcome the opportunity to pop my cherry with this spoiled, tsundere loli. The moment that thought crossed my mind I felt like that thirty-four- year-old, homeless, jobless pervert again. I saw an image of him with his face covered in acne and lips set in a disgusting smile, swooping down on Eris. I snapped back to my senses. No, I couldn’t. I couldn’t touch her. That would be playing right into Philip’s hand. I would be planting my foot right in the middle of an intense power struggle. The same one Philip had already lost and Paul had run away from. I didn’t want to get involved in something that seemed to have so few payoffs. So I just prayed I could get out of this peacefully. She loathed my habitual sexual harassment, so maybe I could say something to that effect to scare her off? “Th-that’s right! I’m feeling pretty lonely, so if you don’t leave I might do something perverted to you!” Or so I thought, but then I received an unlikely response. “Y-you can do it. J-just a little bit!” Seriously?! You’re really being bold today, Eris! You’re really being bold today, Eris! How’s an old man like me supposed to resist when you put it like that? What to do... I debated internally and finally decided to take her up on her offer. Just a little. “...” I sat beside her. The bed let out a small creak. If I were still my previous self, it would’ve surely let out a much larger groan, effectively killing the mood. I wasn’t thinking anymore, not about any of that complicated stuff. This was playing into Philip’s hands? Fine then. Three years ago, Eris had 150Goldenagato | mp4directs.com been so tsun, but now she was finally showing me her dere side. How could I refuse when she was offering herself willingly? At times like these it was best to just accept the risk and take the plunge, right? “You’re stuttering,” I said. “Th-that’s just your imagination.” “Really?” I petted her head. Her hair was so smooth. Even though this was a high noble family, there was no bath in the manor, so it wasn’t as if you could wash your hair every day. Her hair was normally coarse and rough from spending every day outside practicing swordplay from morning until dusk. She must have cleaned it up today for me. For me. “You look so cute.” “Wh-what are you talking about all of a sudden?” She looked away, her face red to her ears. I wrapped my arms around her shoulders and planted a kiss on her cheek. “Hngh!” Her body went stiff, but she didn’t try to run. Ah, so she really is okay with this? I thought. She was definitely the type to run if she didn’t like something. “I’m going to touch you now.” Unable to hold myself back, I reached for her chest. The lumps were still small, but they were definitely breasts. Being able to touch these was proof she had given me permission. Not like all the times before when I had reached out in trepidation, fully prepared to be punched as I groped them. It was through a layer of clothing, but there was no doubt that I had true loli breasts in my small hands right now. “Mm...” It wasn’t pleasure that made her hum, I was sure. She was just realizing how embarrassing what we were doing really was. I knew that. She was watching me with her lips clamped tightly together, tears in her eyes as she struggled to tamp down her embarrassment and confusion. I stroked her back comfortingly. Thanks to all her sword training, it was firm with muscle. Not as much as Ghislaine’s, of course, but well-toned and smooth. 151Goldenagato | mp4directs.com Eris snapped her eyes shut and grabbed my shoulders like she was clinging to me. Did this, perhaps, mean she was giving me the okay? She was, right? If so, I was going to go the whole way. Right now. O-okay, let’s d-do it then, I thought. I reached my hand toward the inside of her thigh. This would be my first time ever touching a girl there. It was warm and soft, of course, but firm with muscle. “Nooo!” She shoved me away. Then slapped me across the cheek, loud and hard. I landed on the floor with a thump after being kicked. She continued her attack, the sounds of her blows filling the room. Rendered completely defenseless by my own confusion, I took the full force of her attack. Once it was over, I looked up at her, flat on my back. Eris was standing over me. Her cheeks were red. She was glaring at me. “I told you just a little, didn’t I?! You moron!” The door was left hanging wide open after she kicked it and marched out. *** I stared blankly at the ceiling. The feverish heat that had taken over had dissipated completely. “This is why you’re a virgin.” I was filled with self-loathing. I completely misread the atmosphere. I went way too fast. Halfway through, I forgot that she was still a child. I completely forgot myself. “Ah, dammit, what were you thinking?!” After playing so many erotic games, I thought maybe I understood how the heroines felt. In my previous life I used to watch thickheaded protagonists be oblivious, and I would think to myself, Just hurry up and make your move, then it’ll be over. What I’d just done was the result of that thinking. As a player, you 152Goldenagato | mp4directs.com could see the heroine’s internal dialogue. The protagonist, meanwhile, had no idea what she was thinking. That was why most protagonists were aware something like this could happen, even if they knew the other person liked them. So they took their time and slowly developed the relationship instead. I was being completely short-sighted compared to them. Especially after I’d had that conversation with Philip. What was I thinking, saying I would pretend he only said all that because he was drunk? The things I said and the things I did were in complete contradiction. I knew what would happen if I had sex with Eris. We would sleep together, she would get pregnant, we would get married. A grand series of events that would make me an official member of the Boreas household. Or, after all that, would I come to hate the ugly power struggle that followed so much that I would run away? Would I plan not to take responsibility for my actions? Was I just going to pass it off as a one-night stand? Foolish. I would no doubt end up going after Eris every night. My sex drive was quite strong in my previous life, and I had a feeling, without even looking at Paul as an example, that it might be the same for my current body. There was no way I would be satisfied by a one-time thing. She may have come to me today, but the next time I would be the one going to her. Philip and Hilda surely hoped for that. No one would stop me. I would take the bait of temporary gratification and fall into the filthy trap that was the Boreas household’s inner power struggle. “Ah!” The staff standing in the corner of the room caught my eye. I couldn’t forget Eris’s feelings either. The money may have come from Philip and Sauros, but she was the one who planned the party for me and came up with the idea of giving me that staff. She was the one who worried over our conversation at the party and came here to comfort me tonight before I fell asleep. She thought about me all day long today. Yet a moment ago, I’d been about to violate her out of lust. There was a girl who genuinely considered my feelings as a person, and I tried to have my way with her. Remember how happy she looked when she was talking with that maid before? You just tried to trample all over that. “Haha...” 153Goldenagato | mp4directs.com I was a piece of crap. I had no right to judge Paul. I had no right to lecture anyone. I was a piece of crap in my previous life and nothing had changed in coming to another world. Tomorrow I would gather my things and leave. I would go die on the roadside like the garbage I was. “Ah!” I suddenly realized that Eris was standing in the doorway. Only part of her body was visible, her face peeking out from behind the frame. I panicked and tried sitting up, no stand... No! Should I just prostrate myself! “I-I’m sorry about what just happened.” I balled up like a turtle, prostrating myself before her. “...” I peeked up. Eris’s gaze was drifting as she fidgeted, her legs brushing against each other with the motion. Then she slowly whispered, “T-today’s a special day, so I’ll make an exception and forgive you.” Sh-she forgave me! “Besides, I already know you’re a pervert.” Who the hell told her that! No, it was true though. I was the one. I was the pervert. It was my fault. Everyone look over here. It’s me, the pervert. “But, i-it’s still too early for us to do that, so...five years! In five years, once you’ve grown up properly, then...mumblemumble...b-but until then, hold it in!” “Hahah!” I slumped forward. “W-well then, I’m going back to bed. Bye, Rudeus. Good night. I’ll see you again tomorrow.” After that choppy, disordered farewell, Eris vanished from view. I could hear the rhythm of her footsteps as she took off. I waited until the sound faded completely before I shut the door. “Pheeeeeew.” I slumped against the door and slid down. “Thank God!” I was glad today was my birthday. I was glad today was a special day. I 154Goldenagato | mp4directs.com was glad I didn’t do something worse than what I did. “And yeeeees!” Five years from now. A definite promise! From Eris! A promise! All right, no more insincere advances until then, I told myself. Five years. I would be fifteen. It was still a long time away, but I could hold out. If there was a guaranteed prize at the end, I could work hard. Until then, I would be a gentleman. Not a pervert, but a gentleman. I would stop all the sexual advances. Wine only had a depth to its taste after you let it sit for years. A charged attack had more power behind it the longer let it build up after all. I would become the kind of man that wouldn’t yield no matter what kind of temptation I encountered. This time, I would aim to be that thick-headed protagonist. I would hold down the A button and not release it until those five years had passed. That was the promise I made to myself. Lolita good, touching bad. Wait, five years from now...? The thick-headed protagonist? An image of Sylphie’s pale, angelic face and sweet smile suddenly popped into the back of my head. *** The next morning, I woke up to crusty underwear. Apparently, I had accidentally released the A button. Oh well, I would just have to start again tomorrow. I had a word with the maid who came to collect our laundry and asked her to keep quiet about this so Eris didn’t find out. She giggled with a look of mirth in her eyes. It was a little embarrassing. *** NAME: Eris B. Greyrat 155Goldenagato | mp4directs.com OCCUPATION: Granddaughter of Fittoa’s liege lord PERSONALITY: Sometimes violent, sometimes meek, depending on the situation DOES: Listen properly READING/WRITING: Almost perfect ARITHMETIC: Capable of doing division MAGIC: Can’t do any spells without chanting them, Intermediate-tier spells also a challenge FENCING: Sword God Style - Advanced-tier ETIQUETTE: Currently studying difficult imperial court etiquette PEOPLE SHE LIKES: Grandfather, Ghislaine PERSON SHE LOVES: Rudeus 156Goldenagato | mp4directs.com Chapter 8: The Turning Point Shirone Kingdom. Roxy Migurdia looked out the window with her brows knitted. The color of the sky was strange. Brown, black, purple, and yellow; a change of colors one didn’t usually see. And yet, she had seen these colors somewhere before. “What is it, I wonder?” The hues were familiar to her, but she had never seen the sky like this before. The only thing clear was that this wasn’t a natural phenomenon. The most likely explanation was magic that, for whatever reason, had gone out of control. The scale of it was such that she could see it whirling even from a distance. Then she remembered. The way it shone—she had seen this before at the University of Magic. The light looked like summoning magic. “That direction... In the east. Asura Kingdom? Don’t tell me it’s Rudeus?” She remembered the boy she had once taken as a pupil. That boy who, at the tender age of five, produced a storm while utterly composed. Now he would be ten. At half his age he had complete control of his bottomless pool of mana, so it was possible he might do something like this. In his most recent letter, he wrote of his difficulties studying summoning magic. Maybe he had somehow obtained a book on it, or perhaps found a teacher. “You’re wide open!” As she was deep in thought someone threw their arms around her from behind. As her breasts were grabbed, she felt something hard press against her thighs. “Hnnngh...” 157Goldenagato | mp4directs.com Roxy was fed up. No matter how he groped her, the thickness of her robes masked everything. Besides, even if he got pleasure out of doing this, the only thing she felt was displeasure. “Raging flames consume my body—Burn in Place!” “Gyaah!” The force of the flames that covered her body sent the person behind her flying. She still couldn’t cast spells without chanting them at all, but she had shortened the length of her spells greatly in these past five years. When she learned that Rudeus was teaching his own pupils to cast spells without chanting, she decided to practice shortening her own incantations. It hadn’t been easy. Just how much was that boy genius expecting from his pupils? Not everyone was as blessed with talent as he was. Roxy turned and gazed at the boy collapsed on the floor. “Your Highness, you can’t come up behind a woman and just start groping her chest.” “Roxy! Were you trying to kill me?! I’ll have you thrown in prison!” Shirone Kingdom’s seventh prince, Pax Shirone, was a kid with a bad attitude who had just turned fifteen. His bad behavior was endearing at first, but lately he had developed a real interest in sex and would make sexual advances toward Roxy every afternoon. “My apologies. I didn’t realize such a weak attack would be fatal. You must have the constitution of an insect.” “Grrr! Criminal disrespect! I won’t forgive this! If you want my forgiveness, then roll up your robes and let me see your panties!” “I’ll pass.” He had already put his hands on multiple maids, leaving the king troubled over how to handle the situation. Now it seemed he had turned his attention to his curt household tutor. Just what about a rude girl like her did he find appealing? Roxy didn’t understand. Still, no matter how much he came at her, she had no reason to obey his commands. According to the contract she made with the country’s governing party, no matter what selfish demands the prince made, it was up to her discretion on how to handle him. 158Goldenagato | mp4directs.com There weren’t many living in this castle that would obey his orders directly. Besides, he was the seventh prince. He was low in the line of succession, so he had next to no authority. In fact, if you looked at the privileges afforded to them, Roxy was in a much higher position as an imperial court magician. The prince tried a different approach. “Roxy, I already know. I know that you have a lover!” “I see, and just when did I manage to do something as incredible as finding a lover?” she replied to his sudden gibberish, tilting her head. A lover? She did want one at some point, but she had yet to meet her ideal match. Even if she did, with the way she looked as a member of the Migurd race, he surely wouldn’t reciprocate. She had already given up. The prince was odd himself, which was probably why he wanted a taste of her body, even if just once. But Roxy had no intention of being so easily seduced. “Eheheh, I slipped into your room and found all those letters you had piled up in the back of your shelf! I don’t know what kind of backwoods peasant he is, but with my power I could have him crushed! If you don’t want to see him face a cruel execution, you better become my woman!” So this was his other method. He would take hostage the lover of the person he was interested in, then demand the object of his affection submit to him to keep their lover safe. After that he would take her in front of her lover just so he could feel empowered by dominating another person. He had no such authority. Yet he was still the prince of a country. He had some troops of his own that he could do what he wanted with, and there was a rumor that he had taken one maid’s lover hostage before. Such poor taste. All he does is creep me out, Roxy thought. I’m glad I don’t have a lover. All those letters were from Rudeus. Rudeus, who was a respected pupil and not her lover. “Feel free to do so,” she told him. “What?! I really will do it, you know?! If you want to apologize, you better do it now! If you do it now, all you’ll have to give me is your body!” The prince clearly wasn’t thinking. He didn’t even know Rudeus’s 159Goldenagato | mp4directs.com location in the first place. Based on his attitude, he hadn’t read the contents of any of those letters either. “If you can actually succeed in doing something to Rudeus, then you can have your way with my body.” “What are you acting so confident for? You should know what kind of power I have!” Of course she knew. She knew that the little bit of power afforded to him as a prince of the royal family was barely worth snorting at. “Rudeus is under the protection of the Boreas family, an elite noble family in Asura Kingdom.” “Boreas...? As if nobles could stand up to the authority of a member of the royal family!” He didn’t even know the names of the elite royal families in Asura Kingdom. That realization prompted a sigh from Roxy. Had the other tutors even taught him anything? As the four great regional liege lords, the Notos, Euros, Zepiroth, and Boreas families were of great renown. When the Asura Kingdom entered battle, they were the ones standing on the front lines. They had been military men for generations upon generations. Besides, members of those elite noble families might occasionally travel to Shirone on diplomatic engagements. Those names were definitely worth remembering. “The country of Asura is ten times the size of Shirone. To take the child of an elite noble family on some baseless suspicion and escort them to the gallows, you would have to possess a tremendous amount of political power and strategic skills. That’s impossible for you, Your Highness.” “I-I’ll have him assassinated! I’ll send my imperial guards!” Imperial guards? Roxy sighed inwardly. He really wasn’t thinking this through at all. “There’s no way your guards could cross the country’s border. Even if they could, and the chance would be one in a million, the Boreas family has invited Sword King Ghislaine to their house as a guest. You truly think they could sneak into the Citadel of Roa, into the Boreas manor, slip past Ghislaine’s watchful eye, and assassinate a master magician?” “G-grrr!” The prince ground his teeth together and stomped his feet. 160Goldenagato | mp4directs.com Roxy let yet another sigh slip past her lips. Ah, I can’t believe this. He’s already fifteen and he doesn’t even know the first thing about distinguishing between what’s possible and what’s not. Roxy heard that Rudeus’s pupil, Eris, had been an uncontainable wild animal three years ago, but had recently become more refined. Meanwhile, her student was in this sorry state. Years ago, she had found him endearing and even recognized his talent for magic. Unfortunately, as soon as he realized what kind of power he had, his will to improve vanished and he spent the better part of his lessons sleeping. Now she saw no potential in him. “Anyway, I’ll be quitting my position as your tutor soon, so you wouldn’t make it in time even if you sent assassins out right this very minute.” As soon as she said that, he raised his voice in shock. “Wh-whaaat?! I haven’t heard a word about this!” “You must not remember then.” The agreement from the beginning was that she would work as his tutor until he reached maturity. At the time she had considered requesting to stay beyond her contract. However, there were many in the royal palace who resented her presence. Leaving was the wisest course of action. “It’s a good opportunity as well,” she added. “A good opportunity for what?” “There’s something strange about the western sky. Now I can go see it for myself.” “Wh-what the heck...” She didn’t say it was because she wanted to see Rudeus’s face after all this time. It would only enrage the prince if she did. “I-I still need you! We’re still in the middle of our lessons, right!” “Irrelevant. You sleep through them anyway.” “That’s your fault for not waking me up then!” “Oh really? Then as a bad teacher, I should take my leave quickly. Please be sure to hire someone who will wake you next time. I’m not 161Goldenagato | mp4directs.com interested.” This prince is impossible for me, Roxy thought. I can’t stop comparing him to Rudeus. All I had to do was teach Rudeus one thing and he would take that, study it, and learn ten or twenty new things. Maybe I can’t be a teacher again after meeting a student like that. And thus, Roxy left Shirone and set out on her journey. She was accosted by the seventh prince and his personal guards on her way out but swiftly repelled them. Afterward, the seventh prince obstinately insisted that she should be apprehended and brought before him to answer for the unforgivable act of violence she committed against him. However, the king refused to pay his claims any heed. Instead, the prince was rebuked and severely punished for being unable to convince the Water King-tier magician Roxy Migurdia to stay. *** Roxy was not the only one to notice the change in the sky. Every person in every part of the world took notice both of its abnormality and the abruptness of its appearance. Even those of wide renown took note. The Red Wyrm Mountains The Dragon God Orsted gazed up at the western sky. “Mana is pooling there? What is it, what’s caused this madness?” he scowled with suspicion. “No matter. I’ll know once I see it for myself.” He headed straight west, passing over the corpse of the red wyrm he had just slain with a single attack. Other red wyrms were swarming the area like a drove of insects, but not a single one tried to involve themselves. They knew what manner of being walked the ground below them. They knew that even if they banded together to attack, they would only be killed. They also 162Goldenagato | mp4directs.com knew that if they stayed clear, they would be safe. That being was the Dragon God, a being that existed outside the rules of this world. A being they could not touch. Full of pride, another young wyrm that didn’t understand its place in the world descended upon Orsted. In a split second it was rendered into nothing more than a lump of meat. Red wyrms were dreadfully strong creatures that resided on the Central Continent. It was not just their battle prowess that made them fearsome, but also their intelligence. That was why they knew he was the man rumored to be the strongest in the world, and an opponent they could not hope to defeat no matter how much their numbers favored them. Orsted moved slowly down the mountain as the red wyrms watched, his intentions a secret that only he was privy to. The Floating Fortress The Armored Dragon Perugius, one of the three legendary heroes, looked down at the northern sky. “What is that? It looks like the light emitted when the Great Emperor of the Demon World revives.” Standing nearby was a woman with a white crow’s mask over her face, a member of the skyfolk who possessed black wings. She whispered, “The mana level is different.” “Indeed. If anything, it resembles the color of a summoning.” “Yes, but that said, I’ve never seen that much light from a summoning before.” “It’s similar to when we created Chaos Breaker.” Perugius had to act. He had spent today just like any other, seated atop his throne in Chaos Breaker, attended by his twelve followers, continuing to monitor the surface. 163Goldenagato | mp4directs.com He had only one objective, to vanquish his loathsome enemy, the Demon God Laplace, as soon as they revived. He waited in the sky for that moment when the seal would come undone. “Could it be that the Great Emperor of the Demon World is trying to unseal Laplace?” “It’s possible. The Emperor has been unsettlingly quiet in the 300 years since their revival,” she responded. “All right. Arumanfi!” “I am here.” A man swathed in white and wearing a yellow mask appeared and kneeled before Perugius. “Search immediately and—hmm, I’m certain whoever is behind this must be up to something. If you see anyone suspicious that seems to be involved with this, kill them.” “Understood.” The Armored Dragon Perugius made his move, his twelve retainers behind him. All to avenge the four friends that he had lost. This time, for certain, he would deal the Demon God Laplace a finishing blow. The Sword Sanctum The Sword God Gall Falion gazed up at the southern sky. “What’s wrong with the sky? Also...” The moment his focus shifted to something else, two of his beloved pupils launched an attack on him at the same time. “Don’t come at me while I’ve got my attention on other things.” His composure was relaxed. In comparison, both of his beloved pupils were short of breath. As usual the two had no sense, he thought. They were overconfident from having earned the title of Sword Emperor, yet this was all it amounted to. What a load of crap. Fame had no place in swordplay. All you needed to do was get stronger. The only thing fame brought you was money and political power. There was no value in that. Anyone could obtain those 164Goldenagato | mp4directs.com things. Being as great as he was, he could cut right through that garbage in a single stroke. If you were strong, you could have things your way. Having things your way was how you stayed alive. Ghislaine understood that best, but she had grown soft. That was why she was stuck at the level of Sword King. Those with a powerful lust for life were innately strong, no matter how physically weak or incapable of wielding a sword they might be. But those who had become strong could lose that driving force. That was why Ghislaine lost her way. She wasn’t selfish enough. It wasn’t as though the pupils before him were especially gifted. It was their obscene greed that made them strong. The insatiable appetite of a pair that lived on a life-or-death battlefield. “Hey, hey, come at me already. Defeat me then battle each other to the death so one of you can call yourself the Sword God! You’ll have enough money to play around for a hundred lifetimes! You’ll be able to line up women, from slave girls to princesses, and have your way with them! Your name alone will bring people to their knees in fear! One step forward and crowds of people will part to make way for you!” “I didn’t start learning the sword for something like that!” “Master! Please don’t insult us like that!” This was it. They were going to learn to be more honest with themselves. For if they did, they would easily be able to crush someone like him and call themselves Sword Gods. The Sword God Gall Falion had already forgotten about the southern sky. Somewhere in the Demon Continent The Great Emperor of the Demon World, Kishirika Kishirisu, gazed up at the eastern sky. “Hmph, when you become as great as I am, you can see things even if you face the opposite direction! How’s that?! Amazing, isn’t it?” 165Goldenagato | mp4directs.com There was no one there to answer her. Not a single person was present. “So you’re ignoring me! Mwahaha! Very well, very well! I’ll forgive you, humans! Or rather, no one will come near me because of the peace treaty, so I have no choice but to forgive you! Mwahahaha, mwahahaha, mwaha—gurgh...” Kishirika was lonely. The moment she had revived from death, she had cried out, “I, the Demon World’s Great Emperor Kishirika, have revived! I must have kept you all waiting! Mwahahaha!” But no one was there. She decided she would go to the city and repeat her declaration, only for people to look at her as if she were a pitiful child. Since then, no one paid her any attention. She tried visiting one of her old friends, but they simply told her, “Things are peaceful right now, so behave yourself.” “What are those human diviners even doing? When I revived in the past, they would start trembling in sudden fear, babble weird things, then leap from their windows. Without that opening act, it feels like there’s no value to my revival. Hah, honestly, youngsters these days...” She kicked at a stone and looked up at the magic pooling in the western sky. Another name of the Great Emperor of the Demon World was the Demon Emperor of Demon Eyes. She possessed more than ten, and in a single glance she could tell what was happening, no matter how far away. With those eyes she saw powerful mana, the familiar light of summoning magic, and the person controlling it. Or at least, she should have been able to. “What’s this? I can’t see the one doing this? I wonder if there’s a barrier. You must be a shy one, hiding your face after causing such mayhem.” Kishirika’s eyes were not all-powerful. That was why she was merely the Great Emperor of the Demon World, and would never be called a Demon God, no matter how much time passed. Not that she was particularly bothered by that. “It’d be nice if they could at least summon a hero. But lately everyone is all Laplace this and Laplace that. ‘Kishirika? Who’s that?’ So it’s not like 166Goldenagato | mp4directs.com it matters. I guess even heroes would rather go for young men with good looks like Laplace. I want some time in the spotlight too. I want to be showered with attention and put on parade!” She sighed as she set out on her journey. A journey with no particular destination in mind. At the Same Time - Rudeus’s Perspective We went to a hill on the outskirts of the Citadel of Roa. As I had promised on my birthday, I was going to show Ghislaine what Saint-tier water magic looked like. Eris, of course, tagged along. I took out Aqua Heartia and removed the cloth I had wrapped around the crystal just in case. As awkward as it looked, it was better than showing off to potential thieves what an expensive item I had. I had wrapped it to look like a mana-filled cloth for amplifying the magic of the staff. It was at least better than people thinking I was hiding an enormous gem. I decided to test the staff with a practice shot before trying out Saint- tier water magic. I focused the same amount of mana I always did to create a Waterball, but the result was immense, bigger than I’d ever seen it before. “Whoa, this is huge!” When I tried compressing the ball, it instead became so small that you couldn’t even see it. I slowly made adjustments. After thirty minutes of testing things out, I figured out that this staff increased the effects of my water magic fivefold. This meant my offensive magic was more potent, and I could produce the same power level with a reduced mana cost. To represent this with numbers: Without the Staff: Mana Cost 10, Power 5 With the Staff: Mana Cost 10, Power 25 With the Staff: Mana Cost 2, Power 5 Something like that. In other words, it worked like a magnifying glass or a microscope. Elaborate adjustments were difficult right now, but I would 167Goldenagato | mp4directs.com probably be fine once I got accustomed to using the staff. “H-how is it?” Eris had a nervous look on her face. Don’t worry, I’m officially obsessed with my new toy, I thought. “It’s difficult to make adjustments, but it’s really amazing.” “R-really! I’m glad!” I continued testing and discovered that fire magic was amplified twofold while earth and wind were each amplified thrice. Using the staff to combine different types of magic, however, seemed difficult. Or was that also a matter of getting used to it? “All right then, what you have all been waiting for. I, Rudeus Greyrat, will show you my great, all powerful hidden technique!” “Yay!” Eris clapped in joy. Ghislaine also seemed deeply interested. I was also feeling excited. Time to show them how cool I was! “Bwahaha!” I raised my staff toward the sky as I chanted my Saint-tier water magic spell. “Mana, gather to me! Magnificent Spirit of Water, lift to the heavens... Huh?” That was when I noticed it. “Hm?” “What’s that?” The other two followed my gaze and looked up as well. “I don’t know, but it’s an incredible amount of mana!” So she could see mana with that eye. After three years I finally knew her true power...a demon eye. Ghislaine quickly replaced her eyepatch. “Shall we go back to the city for now?” I didn’t know what this abnormal sky heralded, but if something happened, I wanted to have a roof to take refuge under. We’d be in trouble if spears began raining upon us. “No, the closer you get to the city the more concentrated the mana. It might be better to distance ourselves instead.” “But we have to go back to the manor and warn everyone at least!” Surely it would be better to inform Philip and the others and get the townspeople to safety. 168Goldenagato | mp4directs.com “In that case, I’ll go—Rudeus! Duck!” I crouched reflexively. Something whooshed by, slicing through the air at top speed right where my head had been. A chill ran down my spine. What...was that? What just happened? “You!” Beside me, Ghislaine put her hand on her sword and her silhouette blurred. The next moment she was in a pose as if she had just struck with her sword. She’d demonstrated this to me many times before. The Sword God Style’s Saint-tier technique, the Longsword of Light. A secret technique of the Sword God Style, it was said that if you performed it perfectly, the tip of your sword reached the speed of light. Ghislaine told me it was this technique that made Sword God Style the strongest of the three styles. “Hm.” Ghislaine’s brows knitted. She must have missed her target. Her opponent dodged that deathblow of an attack that was too fast to be seen with the naked eye. Ghislaine’s face went hard with caution as she glared at something behind me. “...” I slowly turned around to see who had tried to attack me and dodged Ghislaine’s counter slash. “Who...?” A man stood there. He had blond hair and was wearing something that looked like a pure white school uniform, fastened in the front. He probably had a handsome face, but it was hidden behind a yellow mask that looked like a fox. In his right hand was a dagger. That must have been it. That was what came for my head. “Who are you? Tell us your name!” “...” The moment after Ghislaine shouted, his face gleamed. It was a brilliant light so bright it blinded us all for a moment. I immediately shut my eyes. “Gaah!” I heard Ghislaine howl. Then a clang as metal clashed against metal. Then the sound of rapid movement. 169Goldenagato | mp4directs.com Their blades met, twice, then a third time. By the time my vision recovered, Ghislaine was in front of me with her eyepatch pulled back. So that was how she did it. The moment that light took our vision, she pulled her eyepatch aside so she could see with her other eye. “Bastard, who are you? Are you an enemy of the Greyrat family?!” “Arumanfi the Bright. That is my name.” “Arumanfi?” “I came to put a stop to this strange phenomenon, on Lord Perugius’ orders.” Perugius. Now that was a name I had heard before. One of the three legendary heroes who slew the Demon God, and one of the survivors of that battle. A summoner with twelve familiars. Then, like a chain reaction, I remembered the name Arumanfi. He was one of those twelve familiars. Arumanfi the Bright. “Be careful, Ghislaine. According to the literature I read, this guy can move at the speed of light.” “Rudeus, take the Young Mistress and fall back.” 170Goldenagato | mp4directs.com 171Goldenagato | mp4directs.com Just as Ghislaine asked, I used my back as a shield and escorted Eris a safe distance away so we wouldn’t be embroiled in the battle. I was careful not to go too far, staying within Ghislaine’s protective reach. If that really were Arumanfi the Bright, a sword couldn’t touch him. I was sure I’d read something like that in the Legend of Perugius. That said, where had he come from? No wait, Arumanfi the Bright was said to be the governing spirit of light. It was said that he could travel any distance instantaneously if it were within line of sight. Back when I read that, I thought it was a load of rubbish, but he had appeared behind me in the blink of an eye. Ghislaine would never let her guard down, and he had no reason to be lurking in this area beforehand. He must have flown here, at the literal speed of light. That was one of his abilities after all. “Woman, move. This strange occurrence might cease if I slay that boy.” Wait, what was he talking about? Strange occurrence; did he mean that thing in the sky? What kind of misunderstanding was he under? “I am the Sword King Ghislaine Dedoldia. That thing in the sky has nothing to do with us. Withdraw!” “Sword King? How can I believe that? Show me proof.” “Look! This is one of the famous blades of the Seven Original Sword Gods, Hiramune—Flat Core. Will you still not believe after seeing it?” She thrust her sword toward Arumanfi while still gripping it firmly by the hilt. I didn’t know her sword had that kind of inscription on it. Flat core... Core as in chest? Certainly not a word I’d associate with Ghislaine’s chest. “Swear on the names of your master and your household.” “I swear on the name of my master, Sword God Gall Falion and the honor of the Dedoldia people!” “Dedoldia, was it? Very well. If we later discover you’re not as innocent as you claim, Lord Perugius will decide your fate.” “Fine with me. Arumanfi stowed his dagger. I wasn’t really sure what was going on, but the issue was apparently settled. To me, it seemed obvious that swearing 172Goldenagato | mp4directs.com something was true didn’t mean someone was being honest, but apparently that was how things worked in this world. That said, did swearing on the names of those people really lend her words that much credibility? The same level as, say, the Roman-Catholic Pope swearing on the name of God? “It’s fine, as long as you aren’t the ones responsible.” “And you won’t even apologize for attacking us out of nowhere?” “It was your fault for doing something suspicious here,” he said, turning on his heel. Let’s just calm down and think about this rationally, I thought. First, something strange was happening in the sky. Then this guy showed up, the familiar of a legendary and storied hero. This person of legend attacked me. He thought I was the one who caused the phenomenon in the sky. That wasn’t true, of course, but maybe he knew something about what was going on up there? No, he couldn’t have, or he wouldn’t have attacked me in the first place. “Um...” I started to say. “Hm?” “Ah!” Right as I called out to Arumanfi, the sky turned white and a finger of light sped toward the ground. The instant it reached the earth the light ballooned at incredible speed, violently swallowing everything in its path like a tidal wave. The manor, the city, the citadel, the flowers and the trees. Everything was devoured as it expanded. 173Goldenagato | mp4directs.com 174Goldenagato | mp4directs.com As soon as Arumanfi saw what was happening, he disappeared in a burst of gold light. Ghislaine ran toward us but was swallowed before she could reach us. Eris froze in confusion, and I wrapped my body around hers to shield her. That was the day the Fittoa Region vanished. 175Goldenagato | mp4directs.com Epilogue It was six months after the Fittoa Region vanished. Roxy had finally reached the area, only to be greeted by nothing but grass-covered plains. She took in the sight wide-eyed and dumbfounded. She was standing on the main highway, a stone-paved road. No other country had a road so magnificent that far from its capital. Asura Kingdom had developed it and laid it out, stretching from one end of the kingdom to the other. But that was how the road had been when she last traversed it. Now it was gone, abruptly cut off in front of her. There was nothing else as far as the eye could see. Nothing but grass, spread far and wide. “...” Something had happened. She knew that. But she wasn’t sure what. All she knew was that the Fittoa Region had disappeared, Buena Village was gone, and Rudeus, his kind family who had accepted her despite her race, and everyone else, had disappeared. Roxy caught wind of the story several times during her journey here. She was sure it couldn’t be true, sure that people were just trying to deceive her. At any rate, she chose not to believe what she heard. She believed that Rudeus and his family were definitely alive. They were just fine and nothing had happened to them. She staked everything on that one sliver of hope. At least until now, when she finally saw the reality spread out before her. Roxy’s knees gave out from under her. “So, you lost someone too, eh?” the driver of the coach she took said from behind her. “An exceptional apprentice,” she answered. “An apprentice, huh? Being a magician’s apprentice, he must’ve been prepared for the possibility of losing his life anyway, yeah?” “He was only ten.” 176Goldenagato | mp4directs.com “Well...that is too soon.” He patted her on the shoulder as if to soothe her. For a while, Roxy could do nothing but stare at the earth at her feet. She didn’t want to think about anything; she couldn’t. She wasn’t even sure what she should do from here. The driver watched her silently before he spoke again, his words measured. “Actually, there’s a Fittoa Region refugee camp. Want to go see? Well, it’d be difficult for a ten-year old kid to survive what happened, but you never know.” Roxy’s head jerked up. “I’ll go!” This was Rudeus after all. Surely he was all right. No doubt he’d used his quick wits to survive. He was surely in perfect health, living in that settlement. Once again, she clutched firmly at a sliver of hope. *** The refugee camp comprised numerous wooden buildings and was roughly the size of a village. A great number of people bustled about. They were anything but carefree; a dark, heavy mood hung over them. I never thought I would see something like this in Asura Kingdom, Roxy thought. The Asura Kingdom Roxy knew was the wealthiest country in the world. The people there had faces full of optimism, and there were smiles everywhere you looked. Food was plentiful and monsters were few. It was the easiest place to live. There were no smiles to be found here. The settlement didn’t seem to lack for food. This was a fairly bountiful area. They wouldn’t starve, not so long as they could pull up the grass and eat it. As long as they weren’t in danger of starving, they should have been smiling. Even if a disaster had taken place, things weren’t nearly as dire as they were on the Demon Continent. Or so she thought, but she couldn’t help frowning at the sight before her. 177Goldenagato | mp4directs.com The refugee camp had a temporary adventurer’s guild. It was there, in front of the bulletin board that normally had various requests pinned to it, that the melancholy dwelled the thickest. A man who had lost his house and family stood there wailing. “What the hell, what the hell is this! Six whole months, it took six whole months for me to get back here, dammit! Laura, Francis, why are all of you dead?!” He lost his family, and not just them, but his house, his land, the tools of his trade, everything he had. His heart-wrenching screams were difficult to hear, but no one could stop him from lamenting. “God! Is this all your fault?!” A priest threw the tools of his trade, the symbol of a Millis religious organization, onto the ground. “I won’t believe anymore! You’re not gods—you just ridicule and kill us! You’re cruel demons!” Face full of hatred, he looked up at the heavens and cursed. There were other Millis believers present, but none of them were praying to the gods. A merchant was trying to slit his own throat, only to be stopped by the people around him. “Don’t stop me!” “Hey, knock it off! What good does dying do? Good things can still happen to you if you’re alive!” “I-If I live?! Do you seriously believe that? Dammit, I-I lost something more important than...than my own life! Please, just...let me die! Dammit, dammit, dammit!” The man squatted and began crying, his face contorted in despair. His entire body trembled. This was a horrible place. Everyone’s faces were grief-stricken. Roxy had never known a place so dominated by sadness before. She had watched many people die, had even escaped scenes of carnage herself numerous times. This was the first time she had ever seen a place of such pure anguish. This might be a pointless endeavor, she thought. Pulled in by the heavy atmosphere, she felt close to tears, but she pressed on and began her hunt for information. *** 178Goldenagato | mp4directs.com An hour passed. Roxy learned the gist of what happened. After the sky turned strange, a large-scale mana calamity occurred over the Fittoa Region. It was not an explosion exactly, but it did spread far and wide. Everything in the Fittoa Region was enveloped by it and teleported randomly to locations all over the world. The buildings and trees disappeared entirely, scattering only the people that had been there. Some of them had managed to return to the region, but realized nothing was left of their hometowns and lost all hope. “Truly terrible,” Roxy muttered as she looked at the bulletin board. There were rows of names listed as either deceased or missing. Posted beside them were messages to family members and requests such as, If you see this person in your travels, please bring them here. The most eye-catching part of the notice board was a request that was pinned under the name of Fittoa’s liege lord, asking for information on the missing and deceased, an unprecedented number of people. As an adventurer, Roxy had done her fair share of work. Never in her life had she seen a bulletin board this full of requests, nor one that was so desperate and so heart-wrenching. It was clear just how widespread the damage of this calamity really was. Perhaps she had run across someone on the list of the deceased and the missing on the way here. She heard rumors about people suddenly reappearing. Of course she hadn’t paid it any mind at the time; there was always idle gossip like that. If only she could remember something, she might be of some help to the people here. “No...” She shook her head, stopping her train of thought right there. She’d taken the biggest highway across the Central Continent to get here. Any information she had, someone else had probably already reported by now. “...” Roxy instead turned her gaze to the list of the deceased and began going through the names in order. Despite the scale of the disaster, the list of 179Goldenagato | mp4directs.com deceased was relatively short, and she didn’t recognize any of the names. By comparison, the list of missing people was so long it was painful to look at. It made sense given they had all been transported elsewhere. Surely some of them had been attacked and killed by monsters, leaving behind no remains by which to identify them. There were many places that could kill one instantly: mountaintops, mid-air, or in the sea. It was incredible that some of the deaths were even confirmed. “There it is.” Roxy furrowed her brows. She found the names of Rudeus and the others in the missing persons column. Rudeus Greyrat. Zenith Greyrat. Lilia Greyrat. Aisha Greyrat. She knew that Lilia had become one of Paul’s wives; Rudeus had written as much in one of his letters. Paul and Norn’s names had a line drawn through them. She took another look at the list of deceased just in case. They weren’t there; that meant they had to be alive. Then again, it could have also meant there was no information on them. A short-lived moment of relief. “At least I can rejoice in the fact that they’re not dead for now.” Absentmindedly she looked over the message board again. The desperation of the writers was so clear. Roxy wondered if her own parents were doing well back home. Quite some time had passed since she fought with them and left her village. Until recently, she hadn’t paid much attention to the flow of time, in part because she was a member of the Migurd race. The months passed quickly. Perhaps she should at least send a letter. “That’s...” She found a message on the board. The writer was Paul Greyrat. To Rudeus, Zenith, Lilia and Aisha are missing. Norn is safe in my custody. I don’t know where you are right now, but I’m sure that even if you’re alone, you’ll make it back here. So I’ll search for you last. For now, I’m headed to Millis Continent. That’s where Zenith was 180Goldenagato | mp4directs.com born and raised. I’ve sent a message to Lilia’s hometown and house as well. I want you to search the northern part of the Central Continent. If you find any of them, contact me with the info below. Zenith, Lilia, if either of you see this, please contact me as well. For anyone that might know me or my family, or former members of the Fang of the Black Wolf, please help me search. I’m sure the members of the Fang of the Black Wolf may have mixed feelings about me. I won’t ask you to sweep it under the rug. You can scream at me all you want. If you ask me to lick your boots, I’ll do it. All my assets are gone, so I can’t pay you, but please. Help me search for my family. Contact information: Millis Continent, Holy Country of Millis’s Capital Millishion, Adventurer’s Guild. Party Name: Search Squadron for Buena Village Residents. Clan Name: Roa Region’s Search for Missing Persons Association. —From Paul Greyrat Paul was alive. Knowing that brought her relief. Rudeus had griped about Paul in his letters, but it seemed Paul was especially reliable in situations like this. Roxy stopped to think. The best course of action would be to help with the search. She was indebted to their family after all. Even now she thought fondly of the two years she spent with them, for many reasons. She was more than willing to help. All right, let’s do this, she decided. The moment she made up her mind, her thoughts started churning. But who should I search for, and how? Fang of the Black Wolf was likely the name of Paul’s adventuring party. Those people probably weren’t acquainted with Rudeus, or Lilia, for that matter. But since Paul had left Rudeus for last, she decided to search for him instead. It seemed Paul thought Rudeus would return to Fittoa, but that boy was highly adaptable. It was just as likely that he would settle in whatever place he had been teleported off to. If that were the case, she needed to tell him what had happened and bring him back. 181Goldenagato | mp4directs.com I’ll search for Rudeus then. Now, where to start? Paul had gone to the capital of the Holy Millis Country. That meant he probably left similar messages along the way, specifically in three places: the Asura Kingdom’s borders, the Dragon King Kingdom’s eastern port, and the Holy Country of Millis’s western port. In that case, she should search beyond those places. That would be the northern part of the Central Continent, the Begaritt Continent, and the Demon Continent. One of those three. She had never been to Begaritt before, but she heard it was full of labyrinths and monsters. And while she had some familiarity with the geography of the Demon Continent, it was dangerous to journey there alone. If she wanted a safe route, then the northern region would be the best. But that was exactly why she had to go to one of the other two. She could find a party and journey to one of those two regions instead. Good. Now that she had made up her mind, there was no point in lingering here. She would head for the Dragon King’s eastern port. From there, she would look for a party heading for either the Begaritt Continent or the Demon Continent. Once that was settled Roxy moved swiftly. She finished the preparations for her journey and set out from the refugee camp. Strangely, just getting a move on was enough to lift the veil of sadness. Not just that, but her belief that Rudeus was still alive strengthened with each step. I want to sit at the table with all of them again, even just once more, she thought as her feet took her south. That was the beginning of Roxy Migurdia’s long journey. 182Goldenagato | mp4directs.com 183Goldenagato | mp4directs.com Extra Chapter: The Forest Goddess Directly east of Asura Kingdom and just over the mountains, right in the middle of the Central Continent, was a sphere of many tiny nations fighting each other for dominion over the region. This place, where countries were built only to meet their demise shortly thereafter and be rebuilt once more, was called the Conflict Zone by the locals. One of the small countries in the Conflict Zone was the Markien Mercenary Country. Established by the great mercenary whose name it bore, it became a warlike nation that based its economy on dispatching mercenaries to neighboring countries. There was a pub nestled in one of Markien’s corners. There, one mercenary was bragging to another about one of the scars atop his shoulder. “Heheh, look at this scar! I got this during the defense of Rudomin.” “Ohh, that battle! That was hard fought, huh?” “Where were you stationed?” “Arus Fort’s eastern gate. That place was hell. I was damn close to losing my wonderful, beloved right arm here.” “Hell doesn’t even begin to describe what happened there. I heard you guys were flanked and had your forces devastated!” “Not much different from what happened to you guys in the Defensive Battle of Rudomin. I heard you guys had your supply routes cut off so you didn’t even have food.” The Markien Mercenary Country supported all other nations equally and without discrimination. The mercenaries they dispatched were incredibly feared. Their troops were great warriors, their commanders calm and collected, and their tacticians excelled at military tactics. Once they entered battle, they led their allies to victory without fail. They were a symbol of triumph and fear on the battlefield. That was what it meant to be a Markien mercenary. 184Goldenagato | mp4directs.com “It’s incredible we made it out of there alive.” “Well, that’s what you call the grace of the Forest Goddess.” One of the mercenaries retrieved a pendant from his breast pocket. There was a relief carved into the wood, the profile of a woman with animal- like ears. Seeing this, the other mercenary unsheathed the short sword at his side. The blade was dyed red with paint. “Then a toast, to the Forest Goddess Laine!” “May we be the victors in the coming battles as well! Cheers!” With their items in one hand and wine cups in the other, the two mercenaries drank every last drop of alcohol. That was their way of praying. “Ahh, that’s some good stuff!” “Yeah, gotta have some alcohol after battle. Markien’s stuff is the best around.” “And women too!” “Shall we hit up the brothel after this then?” “Let’s keep that part a secret from the Goddess.” “Ahahaha!” The night wore on as the two merrily shared drinks. The Forrest Goddess Laine was the god of the Markien mercenaries. According to legend, she was the Goddess of Salvation who appeared a hundred years ago when the Markien Mercenary Country was on the verge of collapse. Her guidance of one of the country’s legendary commander-in- chiefs rescued the country from disaster. Thanks to that legend, many of Markien’s mercenaries believed that when they were on the verge of death, the Forest Goddess would appear out of nowhere and save them. That was why they prayed to her. However, strangely enough, there was only one country in the entire world that believed in the Forest Goddess Laine, and that was the Markien Mercenary Country. Why was it only this particular country that had such a 185Goldenagato | mp4directs.com custom? The answer was one interesting story indeed. *** Year Four Hundred and Seventeen of the Armored Dragon. It was the year of the Displacement Incident in Asura Kingdom. Not two years had passed since the Mercenary King Markien proclaimed the establishment of the fledgling Markien Mercenary Country. The country was on the verge of collapse and facing a crisis. This wasn’t a rare occurrence. In the Conflict Zone, small countries were established and destroyed all the time. People would wait for an opportune chance to build their own country, with the ambition of taking over the whole region and creating an even greater country, only for that dream to be shattered and fragmented. Markien Mercenary Country was just another casualty of that cycle, a disorganized nation about to meet the same fate; nothing more, nothing less. Still, nothing happened without a cause. Their first step down the path of their destruction was diplomacy. The country, whose economy was based around deploying mercenaries, possessed a national and military power beyond what was expected of a developing country. Yet that was the very cause of their problem. The two countries in closest contact to Markien, Dikuto Kingdom and the Broze Empire, were deeply wary of the mercenary country. They schemed against it, and when diplomatic relations broke down, both countries proclaimed war upon Markien simultaneously. Although it was a mercenary country, it was powerless against the combined might of two other nations. Markien made a show of fierce resistance, but it lost half its territory after the sudden surrender of an important fortress and the loss of numerous large battles. There was no future for the country. Those mercenaries who thought as much fled to other countries or turned traitor. What was to become the decisive battle, which would afterward become known as The Site of 186Goldenagato | mp4directs.com Markien’s Final Battle, took place in a large basin. Markien gathered its military strength and took position against the two allied countries. Up till that point the two countries had launched their attacks separately, but the basin was an important landmark with forests infested with monsters on either side. This restricted their ability to maneuver through it. They had to band together. That was also why the basin was such a key point. Once Markien fell, the other two countries would need to control this point to seize power over the area around the capital. Additionally, once that was over, it was easy to imagine the conflict that would then break out between the Dikuto Kingdom and the Broze Empire. Markien had already tried to capitalize on the fraught nature of the relationship between those two countries, but their military strength was reduced to the point where they had little ability to put up any meaningful opposition. They had their hands full just trying to keep the country from collapsing. *** Bigott Mercenal, the Captain of the third unit of Markien’s Mercenary Company, led ten of his men into the depths of the forest. Ejin Forest, as it was called, was infested with monsters. Since time immemorial, the ruler of this area had forbidden passage through it, or so those who lived nearby unanimously declared. Woodcutters even refused to enter Ejin Forest. This meant passing through with troops was impossible. Even in the current battle, Markien’s two enemy countries avoided approaching the forest. King Markien decided to take advantage of that. Their troops would break through the forest and launch a surprise attack on one of their two enemies. A simple but effective plan. That said, Markien’s military strength was not what it used to be. Just the act of invading the forest would reduce their numbers greatly when they were accosted by various beasts. Forget launching a strong surprise attack—it seemed they would only be squandering resources. 187Goldenagato | mp4directs.com That was where their strategy came into play. In the previous battle they had secured several Broze Empire suits of armor. They would have some of their soldiers don these then attack the Dikuto Empire from behind. The two countries had formed a temporary alliance until Markien was vanquished. Once that was over, the two would inevitably begin fighting for control over the land they had conquered. Even now tensions ran high as both countries began considering what methods would be most beneficial to them. It would only take one small push for their alliance to snap, creating conflict between them. That was Markien’s aim. Bigott Mercenal, known for being daring and resolute, was put in charge of the operation. He would pass through the forest and launch a powerful sneak attack with a small company of mercenaries. It was an incredibly dangerous endeavor. They would not come back alive even if they succeeded. In fact, they might have to take their own lives to avoid capture. They couldn’t bring anything that may give away their identity. No one could know who they were or where they came from. There was no honor to be had from this mission. Instead, they would die as traitors. Despite that, Bigott said to Markien, “Do not worry, for tales of us shall be passed on. We will live on as the heroes that led this country to victory during one of its great battles, just like the legendary Twin Gods Migus and Gumis. Is that not an honor by itself?” Bigott took on this duty, seeing the similarity between himself and the legendary heroes of 400 years ago who died in battle against Laplace. He had ten men under his command. Three were Intermediate-tier North God Style swordfighters, while the other seven were mercenaries unassociated with the three sword styles. Bigott himself was an Advanced- tier Sword God Style swordsman, but their group had no healer and none among them were particularly skilled. In these parts, magicians were valuable assets to parties, but since they were preparing for the final battle Markien couldn’t afford to assign any to a team of throwaway pawns. True victory meant the country had to both trigger warfare between its enemies then capitalize on that opportunity and come out triumphant. Hmph, never thought I would be doing something like this, Bigott thought, laughing in self-derision. 188Goldenagato | mp4directs.com Bigott was destined to be a mercenary. He was born into a mercenary band. His father died in battle while his mother was pregnant with him, and his mother died in battle not long after he was born. He was sold as a slave and bought by what would eventually become the Markien Mercenary Company. That was where he learned about swordplay and battle. Ever since then he had lived only for money and survival. He never dreamed that at the end of it all, he would be battling for honor. As if I’m a knight from some kingdom, he thought. Everyone knew knights were the only ones who died for honor. But then it occurred to Bigott. Maybe I am a knight. A knight of Markien. It made him proud to think that way. For the longest time, he hadn’t belonged anywhere. It was only through great hardship that he had come to be able to call Markien his home. Now he would fight to protect it. He’d mocked those ideals in the past for being sappy, but now that he was in a similar position, they didn’t seem so bad after all. “Commander, just a little farther.” “Don’t let your guard down. Now that we’ve come this far, we don’t want to be killed by humans.” “Haha, true enough.” Until that point, they had encountered few monsters. They had been walking the entire day and only had two run-ins. It was like a miracle. Despite that, he had lost one of his men. They had been moving as carefully as possible, but hidden in the overgrowth was a Red Leaf Tiger. It attacked, unseen, and one soldier died. But the beast was already heavily injured and seemed to be running from someone. The Red Leaf Tiger was the most fearsome of the beasts in this forest. Just who in the world could have done that? Could it be the person who rules over this forest? Bigott wondered. He had heard rumors of the forest’s ruler before. Karentosaurus, an A- class beast with a giant, lizard-like body over five meters in length. He didn’t know if it really existed or not, but if it did, it would surely be capable of leaving a B-class Red Leaf Tiger in critical condition. That also meant that if they were attacked by such a creature, neither 189Goldenagato | mp4directs.com he nor his nine remaining men would get out unscathed. So he pressed on even more cautiously than before. Fortunately, he had experience maneuvering through a forest, enough to avoid encountering any monsters. If he happened to encounter any, he at least had the strength to kill it before it called for help. So long as they managed that, they would be fine. Sadly, Bigott and his men weren’t the only ones who thought so. “What?!” “Huh!” Before Bigott realized what was happening, he and his men had run into another group. This party numbered ten as well. Together, they made a group of twenty men, all of them clad in armor of the Broze Empire. The only difference was that Bigott and his men were fakes. “You there, give us the name of your unit!” A man clad in lustrous, striking armor stood before Bigott, demanding he identify himself. “Draw your swords! Let none return alive!” Bigott ignored the question and instead shouted at his men, who drew their swords and leaped at the enemy. “Deserters, huh?! Die!” The Broze Empire Commander labeled them thus after they launched their attack. He was mistaken, but that didn’t change what had to be done. “Kill them! Broze doesn’t need cowards who run from battle!” The Broze soldiers were swift. “Gah!” “D-dammit!” In the blink of an eye, two of Bigott’s men had been cut down. In mere moments they were on the defensive. The Broze Empire’s soldiers were incredibly skilled. He didn’t know it at the time, but they were actually fighting against the Emperor’s personal bodyguards. What were bodyguards doing here in the forest, away from the Emperor? It was because of something that happened an hour ago. The Broze Emperor was personally walking through their military camp to inspire his 190Goldenagato | mp4directs.com soldiers when a beast suddenlt sprang out of the forest and attacked. The creature was quickly dispatched, but the Emperor sustained a small scratch from the struggle and was given medical treatment afterward. Still, the fact remained that he had been attacked right before his soldiers’ very eyes. Sensing a drop in morale, the Emperor ordered his bodyguards to march. Go forth and fetch the hide of a great, fierce beast, he commanded. Then he could claim that he fought the felled creature and that was how he had sustained such a wound. The bodyguards immediately set out into the forest. Mysteriously enough, they didn’t encounter any beasts, but instead came upon Bigott and his party. “Wh-why here...?” The strongest of Bigott’s men was easily slain by the Broze bodyguards. “I’m sure you already know, but I am the captain of the Emperor’s Guard, Klein Dinoltas! Water Saint Klein! Do you seriously think you can win?!” “Dammit!” “Cease your resistance and surrender, then you may at least have your lives!” Bigott panicked. There was no way they could surrender. If they were caught and investigated, they would be exposed as pretenders. Markien would fall. After that, the Broze Empire and Dikuto Kingdom would fight. He didn’t know who would win, but either way the country he had such fond memories of would disappear. On the other hand, he had no other options. They were clearly outmatched, and if this continued any longer, their destruction would be inevitable. I’m sorry, Markien. Bigott apologized to the comrades he held in esteem within his heart. That was when it happened. “Graaaagghhh!” A gigantic lizard came flying at them. Its body, all five meters of it, was a vivid green, and its majestic form was riddled with open wounds, blood 191Goldenagato | mp4directs.com pouring out of them. Red bubbles came foaming out of its mouth as it moved between the two opposing groups and collapsed. Then, just a moment after that... “Aaah!” A wild beast came leaping out after it. This beast let out a fierce war cry as it landed upon the lizard’s head and drove its sword through it. The lizard let out a final, anguished cry before it died. “Gah!” There was no time for them to process what had just happened. Even after slaying the lizard the wild beast didn’t stop moving. It sprang to the ground and, in the blink of an eye, cut down two of the Emperor’s bodyguards. “What are you doing?!” For a moment Bigott thought this had to be the ruler of the forest. However, this wild beast had the form of a human. Warm brown skin, fiery red hair, and two fully erect beastfolk ears. It also held a sword. A sword that had a thin, one-sided blade, which gleamed an eerie red color, and had an inscription on it. “Who are you?!” yelled Klein, the captain of the bodyguards, as he stepped forward. “Grrrr!” The beast didn’t answer. It merely responded to the presence of an enemy wielding a sword in front of it. “Aaah!” “Gah, fight back!” With a battle cry, the beast slashed at Klein. Klein was a Water Saint. The Water God Style was a school of swordplay that allowed one to fend off any attack and launch a deadly counter in return. At least, that was supposed to be the case. “Th-the Longsword of Light... S-so, this is the Sword God Style...?” When the beast’s sword met Klein’s, Klein’s blade broke in two. Then a split formed in Klein’s armor as the attack sundered his clothing, skin, muscle, and finally bone in succession. That was when Klein’s lower and 192Goldenagato | mp4directs.com upper half separated. The Broze bodyguards didn’t even flinch as their commander’s torso fell in front of them with a wet thud. “How dare you!” “Our commander!” “We’ll avenge him!” They were all swordfighters of Intermediate-tier in either the Water God or Sword God Style. There were undeniably strong. And yet... “Gaaah!” The beast howled. With each swing of its blood red blade, one by one those men were vivisected. The beast moved like a flash of light. Its voice was enough to make one recoil. No one was any match for it. In moments, the entire guard was wiped out. “...” Bigott and his men couldn’t even move. They had no idea what had just happened. The beast had appeared out of nowhere and, in an overwhelming show of strength, destroyed everything in its path. But why? For what purpose? “Grrrr!” It was looking their way. Reason had fled from its eyes. Eyes that now fixated on Bigott and his men, full of bloodlust, amplifying their fear. The clothes it wore were revealing, but terror overwhelmed any sense of attraction they may have felt. That was right—this beast was a woman. It had a woman’s form. As soon as he realized that, the gears turned in the back of Bigott’s mind. It was the story of the Sword Saint that taught him swordplay. That Sword Saint was a just and honorable warrior of the Sword God Style who had trained in the Holy Land of Swords. They wouldn’t tell him why they decided to become a mercenary, but they did talk about their prior training experience. One of the other people there was violent, wouldn’t listen to anyone. She was almost like a mad dog. She surpassed me and became a Sword King, but she wasn’t a bad person. Just an idiot. Everyone hated her because she lost control in extreme situations and went mad, attacking everyone, whether they be friend or foe. 193Goldenagato | mp4directs.com The swordfighter in that tale was the woman in front of him now. That description fit exactly. “By any chance,” he called out to her as he slipped into the God Sword Style bow his teacher had taught him, bending to one knee and tucking his head forward, showing respect and submission. “Are you the Sword King, Lady Ghislaine Dedoldia?!” The moment he said that the beast stilled. After a short time, Ghislaine regained her sense of reason. “I have often heard rumors, but I never dreamed I would meet you in a place like this.” She didn’t respond to his words. Instead she glared at him with her bloodshot eyes and questioned him very matter-of-factly. “You there, have you seen a girl around twelve years old with pure red hair? Or a boy of about ten who’s a proficient mage?” “No, I haven’t.” He shook his head, thinking her words over. A red- haired girl of approximately twelve. A magician boy of approximately ten. He had seen many slaves like that in his life, but none of them around this area. Besides, this was the Ejin Forest. It was a place filled with beasts. Why did she think there would be children in a place like this? “I see. Sorry to get in your way.” Ghislaine began walking away. After a few steps she suddenly stopped and looked back, her head cocked. “By the way, where is this?” Bigott, too, cocked his head. He told her she was in the Conflict Zone, located on the northernmost part of the southern half of the Central Continent. He then explained they were in a forest within the northern part of Markien Mercenary Country. Bigott and his men were in the middle of an operation. They didn’t really have the luxury of time to explain, but she had just spared their lives, and if they upset her, they might be next. This was his attempt at crisis management. “Impossible.” Ghislaine was in disbelief. She didn’t understand how she had ended up here. Bigott asked for the details of her situation. She had been acting as the 194Goldenagato | mp4directs.com bodyguard for a young girl in Asura Kingdom’s Fittoa Region when they were attacked. Before she knew what was happening, she had been swallowed by some light and had ended up in this forest. As she fought hordes of monsters, she lost herself to the excitement of battle and turned into a berserker that killed anything that came near her. “In any case, this is the Conflict Zone’s Markien Mercenary Country. Make no mistake about it.” “So it is.” Ghislaine stopped to think. Bigott had no idea what she was thinking about. After five long seconds, she finally looked up at the sky. “Then I have to go south to return to Asura.” Using the sun to guide her, she turned straight south. That was the same direction that Bigott and his men were heading. “Please wait. There’s an enemy camp set up in that direction.” “And what about it?” “‘What about it’? I mean, what are you planning to do?” “Anyone who gets in my way gets cut down. That’s all.” There was a ferocity in her eyes that made him doubt if she was still in possession of reason. Bigott had no words. Just what had her so stirred up? “Hopefully Rudeus is with Lady Eris, but there’s a chance they were both transported somewhere else just like I was. I have to hurry.” After hearing that, he understood. We’re not that different, he thought. Those two children, particularly the red-haired girl, were more important than anything to the Sword King. She was desperate to protect that which was precious to her. “In that case, why don’t we travel part of the way together? We also have something to take care of in that direction.” “Very well.” For some reason Bigott felt particularly proud. Although their objectives differed, he felt like he was standing side-by-side with this Sword King, fighting for something he wanted to protect. Bigott, his men, and Ghislaine slipped out from the forest and attacked 195Goldenagato | mp4directs.com the Dikuto Kingdom from behind. Their luck was good. As soon as the battle with Markien began, all the troops were focused on what was in front of them. The Broze Emperor found it suspicious that his bodyguards had failed to return. He suspected the Dikuto Kingdom was planning an ambush for his troops, and that his bodyguards had been killed after discovering their plot. After all, the Dikuto king’s main army was close to the forest. It seemed likely they had troops hiding further within. In truth, the Dikuto king was a coward and had camped with his back to the forest so he wouldn’t be caught in a surprise attack by the Broze Empire. The combination of these factors would later lead to Bigott’s success. Ghislaine howled and Bigott let out a fierce cry as he led his men into battle. They charged right into the enemy camp where the Dikuto king’s tent was set up. The king was startled by their surprise attack. Seeing their armor, he immediately thought the Broze Emperor had launched a sneak attack from the forest. He hailed a nearby attendant and commanded an assault on the Broze Empire. Then he tried to take shelter from the chaos. It was only ten seconds later when Ghislaine tore the Dikuto king asunder with her blade, killing him. If he had lived, he might have realized Bigott and his men were not of the Broze Empire and retracted his orders, but an imperial edict had absolute power. The Dikuto Kingdom surged into battle against the Broze Empire. The Broze Empire had predicted such an attack would come, so while they were caught off guard by its timing, they were able to put up a fight. That was when the Markien Mercenary Country took up arms. It was a three- pronged free-for-all. Bigott found himself surrounded by enemies, but he was still alive. It was his mission to die deceiving the Dikuto Kingdom into thinking his attack was the work of the Broze Empire, yet still he clung to life. He and his men had already been separated, and the only ally close to him was a single fighter. 196Goldenagato | mp4directs.com There, right in front of him. He followed in the shadow of her tanned back as the light of her sword flashed, cutting through the enemy. He had never seen such a reliable figure before. He felt so proud to be protecting her flank. At last they could no longer see the armor of the Dikuto Kingdom around them. Instead, they were surrounded by soldiers of the Broze Empire. While the Empire was surprised by the intrusion of a woman with a blood-red blade, they had watched her cut down the Dikuto Kingdom’s men and noticed Bigott protecting her flank in his Broze armor. They mistook Bigott and Ghislaine for allies. That was when Markien surged in. The two allied countries were shaken as the battle started up behind them. Not only had their bond alliance broken, but their formations as well. Markien, which should have been at a disadvantage, broke through their front lines. A chaotic battle ensued. Amidst the violent fighting, Bigott became separated from Ghislaine, but managed to rejoin his comrades. Shouts of joy rang out from the Markien mercenaries as they recognized Bigott and took up a firm position around him. Instead of falling back, Bigott remained on the front lines and kept fighting. The battle raged on, the soldiers covered in mud and blood, not fully aware of what was happening around them. Bigott took an arrow in his left eye. Anguished, he searched for the bowman responsible. That was when he saw it. He watched as it happened. Below an eye-catching banner, dressed in luxurious Broze armor, was a man with a black beard. Bigott saw the flash of red as that man, the Emperor of Broze, had his head sliced off by a brown- skinned woman. “Ha, hah, hahaha!” He laughed, and as he laughed, the battle wore on. And he lived. The final battle ended in victory for the Markien Mercenary Country. *** 197Goldenagato | mp4directs.com Thanks to his achievements, Bigott Mercenal earned the position of general. He was celebrated as a legendary hero for having succeeded in a suicide mission and for executing Dikuto’s king. After that, Bigott Mercenal continued to do spectacular work that resulted in him being known as one of the most outstanding Great Generals of the Markien Mercenary Country. That, however, is a story for another time. Once that decisive battle was over, the Great General Bigott started doing something strange. He started wearing a necklace that had the profile of a female beastfolk chiseled into it, and began painting the blade of his sword red. “It’s a good luck charm.” His men began to imitate him, and those who heard their tales followed suit. These customs continued spreading until they took their modern-day shape. When asked what kind of good luck charm it was, Bigott responded thus: “I was helped by a goddess during that battle. I’m following her example.” It was from his words that the Forest Goddess Laine was created. The name Ghislaine was difficult for those in the southern part of the Central Continent to pronounce, and so her name, altered by their accents, became Laine. She appeared from the forest, rescuing the life of the great general, becoming the Goddess of Salvation. Forest Goddess Laine. For the next hundred years she was worshipped as Markien’s Goddess of Protection, providing support to the hearts of many soldiers. Of course, the real Ghislaine had no knowledge of this designation. Where did Ghislaine go after that? Was she still alive? Did she survive that battle and go on home to Asura Kingdom? Was she able to meet that precious Young Mistress of hers again? Bigott Mercenal had no way of knowing. 198Goldenagato | mp4directs.com 199Goldenagato | mp4directs.com 200Goldenagato | mp4directs.com About the Author: Rifujin na Magonote Resides in Gifu Prefecture. Loves fighting games and cream puffs. Inspired by other published works on the website Let’s Become Novelists, they created the web novel Mushoku Tensei. They instantly gained readers’ support, and within one year of publishing on the website, achieved rank 1 on the site’s combined popularity rankings. “Mixed among the things in our lives that we discard, thinking them unnecessary, may be that which is truly precious to us,” the author said. 201Goldenagato | mp4directs.com Thank you for reading! Get the latest news about your favorite Seven Seas books and brand-new licenses delivered to your inbox every week: Sign up for our newsletter! Or visit us online: gomanga.com/newsletter 202Goldenagato | mp4directs.com Table of Contents Color Inserts Title Page Copyrights and Credits Table of Contents Page Chapter 1: The Con Artist Who Claimed to Be a God Chapter 2: The Superd Chapter 3: A Master’s Secrets Chapter 4: The Foundations of Trust Chapter 5: Three Days to the Nearest Town Chapter 6: Infiltration and Impersonation Chapter 7: The Adventurers’ Guild Chapter 8: The Adventurers’ Inn Chapter 9: The First Job: The Value of a Life Chapter 10: The First Job Completed Chapter 11: A Smooth Start Chapter 12: Children and Warriors Chapter 13: Failure, Chaos, and Resolve Chapter 14: The Beginning of Our Journey Extra Chapter: The Princess of Asura and the Angel Newsletter Chapter 1: The Con Artist Who Claimed to Be a God I was dreaming. In this dream, I was soaring through the air, holding Eris in my arms. My mind was hazy, but somehow I knew that I was flying. The world around me was a constantly changing blur of shapes and colors. I rocketed through the air like a soundwave or particle of light, my body randomly bouncing in different directions. I didn’t know why this was happening. But I was certain of one thing: no matter what I tried, I was going to lose speed eventually, and plunge to the ground. So I concentrated. I looked at the ever-shifting scenery below us, trying to find a relatively safe place to land. Why did I feel the need to do this? Good question. Something inside me was just screaming that I had to, if I wanted to survive. Still, we were going way too fast. It was like staring into the reels of a slot machine, except everything was moving much, much faster. Focusing more intently, I gathered magical energy into my eyes...and for just a moment, we suddenly slowed down. Oh crap. I’m gonna fall. Panic welled in my chest, but I could now see the land below me clearly. I needed to find a field. Falling into the sea or smashing into a mountain wouldn’t be good. Forests were obviously dangerous, but if I managed to aim for a field... I forced myself downward, hoping for the best. Our velocity slowed rapidly as I plunged toward a reddish-brown stretch of earth. An instant later, I lost consciousness. *** 1Goldenagato | mp4directs.com When I opened my eyes, I found myself in a pure white void. I immediately knew this wasn’t real. It had to be some sort of lucid dream. Yet, for some reason, my body felt oddly heavy. “...Huh?” I looked down at myself, and my eyes went wide. I was back in the old, familiar form I’d spent thirty-four years in. At the sight of it, memories of my previous life came flooding back. I was the same bitter, vile, insecure, and selfish piece of trash I’d always been. The ten years I spent as Rudeus suddenly felt like nothing more than a dream. A crushing wave of disappointment washed over me. I’d reverted to my pathetic, former self, and I found that fact all too easy to accept. So it really was just a dream, huh...? As dreams go, it lasted an awfully long time. But at the end of the day, it was too good to be true. I’d been born into a loving family, and managed to get friendly with some very cute girls. Not a bad ten years by any means. I’d wanted to enjoy that life a little more, though. Oh well. Guess it’s over now. I could feel the memories of my time as Rudeus beginning to fade. Once you’ve woken up, even the best of dreams melt away in no time. Had I really expected anything different? Please. A smooth, happy life like that was never in the cards for a guy like me. *** Eventually, I noticed that a weirdo had appeared in front of me. The individual in question had a blank, white face, marked only by a big, wide grin. Maybe blank wasn’t the right word. I just couldn’t make out any distinguishing features. When I looked at any specific part of that face, it slipped instantly out of my memory; my mind refused to form an image of the larger whole. It almost felt as if this...person, was being blurred out by a 2Goldenagato | mp4directs.com pixelated mosaic. Still, I somehow sensed that I was dealing with someone calm and patient. “Hey there. Nice to meet you, Rudeus.” Hm. I’d been so busy feeling sorry for myself, and now I had some weird, censored-porno guy chatting me up. Actually, that voice was pretty ambiguous. Could be a guy or a girl. Let’s go with girl! That would make the pixelated thing feel kind of sexy, right? “Hello? Can you hear me?” Oh. Yeah. Sure. Hi there, nice to meet you. “Excellent. Nice to see you’re so polite.” I didn’t actually speak out loud, but it seems like my friend here heard my thoughts just fine. Might as well keep communicating this way. “Wow. Nothing fazes you, does it?” That’s not true at all. “Ehehe. Don’t be so modest!” So anyway. You’re...who or what, exactly? “Can’t you see that much for yourself?” I can’t see much of anything with that mosaic. Uh, are you the Mighty Sperman or something? “The Mighty Sperman? Who’s that? Does he look like me?” Oh, totally. He’s a big blurry mess of pixels, just like you. “Hmm. So there’s someone like me in your world too...” Well, no. Not really. “What? Okay, let’s just move on. I’m a god. The Man-God, specifically.” Uh-huh. The Man-God. Right. “You don’t sound too impressed, I have to say.” 3Goldenagato | mp4directs.com Uhm...just wondering why a god would be wasting time chatting with me, I guess. Isn’t it a little late for you to be showing up anyway? The god’s supposed to make his appearance way back in the first chapter, right? “The first chapter...? What do you mean?” Never mind, it’s nothing. Please, go right on ahead. “All right. Anyway, I’ve been keeping an eye on you for some time now. You’ve been living quite the interesting life!” Peeping’s always lots of fun, isn’t it? “Oh, it’s been a joy. And that’s why I decided to take care of you.” You’re taking care of me? Gee, thanks. Talk about condescending... What am I, your pet? “Come now, there’s no need to be so hostile! I’m only talking to you because I saw you were in some real trouble.” Well, that’s a red flag. Anybody who pops up offering to fix all your problems when you’re struggling is a conman. “No, no. I’m on your side, friend.” Hah! Now we’re friends? Don’t make me laugh. I met a few people like you in my old life, buddy. People who slithered up to me and said, “Just try your best,” or, “I’ll look out for you.” They were all liars. They didn’t really give a damn. They assumed everything would automatically work out once they lured me out of my room. None of them understood the source of the problem. Everything you say reminds me of them. I’ll never trust you. “Goodness, that’s a problem. Hmm... Why don’t I just offer you a little advice then?” Advice, huh...? “That’s right. Feel free to ignore it completely, if you want.” Right. Got it. So that’s your angle. I had plenty of that last time as well. People loved giving me advice. Thought they could feed me a bunch of feel- good self-help crap and get me focused on something other than my own misery. Seriously, talk about missing the point. What good is positive thinking going to do me now? I’m way past the stage where my emotional state’s 4Goldenagato | mp4directs.com going to make a difference. Getting optimistic only sets me up for more pain down the line. I mean, this right here’s a case in point! Why even let me dream, damn it? Alternate reality my ass! I got all into this second chance at life, then you just pull the carpet out from under me? Did you have to be so damn sadistic?! “Wait a second. I think you’re misunderstanding things. I want to help you with your current life, not your old one.” ...Hm? Why do I look like this then? “That’s your astral form. It’s distinct from your actual body.” My...astral form...? “Right. You’re perfectly fine physically, of course.” So, this is only a dream? When I wake up, I won’t find myself back in this crappy body? “Exactly. Since you’re dreaming at the moment, you’ll be back to normal once you wake up. Feel better now?” Phew. Okay. So this is all just some weird dream... “Well, it’s not just a dream. I’m speaking directly into your mind right now. Hard to believe your mental image of yourself is so different from your body...” Telepathy, huh? Well, all right. But what do you actually want with me? Do you plan to send me back to my old world? Since I don’t belong here or whatever? “Don’t be ridiculous. I couldn’t send you anywhere outside the Six- Faced World, obviously.” Hmph. Maybe that’s obvious to you, but I’m totally in the dark here. “A very reasonable point.” Wait a minute though. If you can’t send me back... you can’t be the one who reincarnated me in this world, right? “True. Reincarnation isn’t really my department anyway. That’s the specialty of a certain wicked Dragon God.” 5Goldenagato | mp4directs.com Hrm. We’ve got an evil dragon, too, huh...? “Anyway, do you want my advice or not?” ...No thanks. “Huh?! Why not?“ I don’t know what’s going on here, but you’re obviously a shady character. That means I’m better off ignoring you completely. “Aw. Do I really seem that shady?” Oh hell yes. You couldn’t act more like a conman if you tried. Reminds me of those scammers I used to run into playing MMOs. The instant you let yourself get into a conversation, they were already messing with your head. “I’m not a conman! I won’t even ask you to follow my advice, okay?” That’s just another part of your strategy. “Come oooon! Trust me!” You’re awfully whiny for a deity. Look. It’s not like I even worship you, whoever you are. The only god I care about is the one who actually made the miracle of my reincarnation happen. Why would I trust some other guy who pops into my head and says all sorts of weird crap? Oh, and people who talk about “trust” are always liars. Words of wisdom from one of my favorite books. “C’mon, don’t be so stubborn. Just give me one little chance.” Now you just sound like a loser ex-boyfriend trying to get back with the girl who dumped him. Look, buddy. How many prayers do you think I said in my former life? You never came to the rescue back then. Not even once, right up until the day I died. Why offer me advice now? “I’m not from your old world, remember? I’m a god of this world, and I’m saying that I’ll help you out from now on.” Right. And I’m saying I can’t trust you. Talk is cheap. If you want me to believe you, show me a miracle or something. “This doesn’t count as a miracle? How many people do you know can communicate with you through your dreams?” What’s so special about a little communication? Anybody can do that. 6Goldenagato | mp4directs.com You just write a letter or whatever. “Well, true enough. But is that really a good reason for you to ignore me? At this rate, you’re going to die.” ...I am? Why? “The Demon Continent is a rather harsh place. For one, there isn’t much of anything to eat. For another, it’s absolutely swarming with monsters, especially compared to the Central Continent. And I know you can speak the language, but things work rather differently here. Are you really confident you can survive?” The Demon Continent? What? Hold on. You mean that huge lump of land way out on the edge of the world? Why would I be way the heck out there? “You got caught up in a huge magical disaster. You ended up being teleported here.” A magical disaster...? Are you talking about that light I saw? “That’s right.” So that was some sort of teleportation spell. Hmm. ...Wait, I’m not the only one who got hit by that thing. I wonder if everyone else back in Fittoa is all right. Buena Village is pretty far away from Roa, so it’s probably fine... but I’m still worried about my family. ...You have any insight on that, buddy? “Would you really believe my answer either way? You don’t even want to listen to my advice.” Good point. You’d probably lie just for the fun of it. “All I’m going to say is that everyone’s praying for your safety. They all want you to make it back alive.” Well...sure. Of course they would. “Hmmm. You really believe that? Isn’t there a part of you that thinks...they might glad to have seen the last of you?” ...Yeah, I’d be lying if I said the thought hadn’t crossed my mind. By the end of my last life, nobody cared if I lived or died. And I’ve still got some 7Goldenagato | mp4directs.com self-esteem issues stemming from that. “Well, people care about you in this world. You’d better make it back to them in one piece.” Yep. You’re right. “I won’t make any guarantees, but I think you’ll stand a very good chance of getting back alive if you do follow my advice.” Wait. Before we get to that, I want to know why you’re doing this. Why do you care so much about me? “Heavens, you’re persistent... I just think things will be more fun if you stay alive, okay? Is that not good enough?” People who only care about having fun tend to be total scumbags, you know. “Is that how things were in your last life?” Pretty much. I knew a few guys like that, and they all loved making other people dance like puppets for their own amusement. “Hm. Well, I do enjoy a bit of puppetry now and again. I can’t deny that.” And what could possibly be so “fun” about watching me anyway? “Maybe that wasn’t the right choice of words. You’re very... interesting, that’s all. I hardly ever get the chance to see someone from an entirely different world! I’d like to help you meet all sorts of people and see what comes of it.” Great. So I’m the pet monkey and you’re giving me some vague instructions to see if I can reach my goal. That sound about right? “Sigh... Look here. You haven’t forgotten my original question, have you?” What original question? “Let me repeat myself then. Are you confident you can survive here? Stranded in a dangerous, unfamiliar land?” ...No. Not really. “Then maybe you’d be better off hearing me out. Like I said before, 8Goldenagato | mp4directs.com it’s up to you if you want to follow my suggestions.” All right. Fine. I get it. Go ahead, give me advice if you really want to. What was the point of this whole long-winded conversation anyway? You could’ve just told me what to do and saved us both a headache. “Yes, yes. Now listen carefully, young Rudeus. Soon after you awake, you’ll see a man. Rely on him, and do what you can to help him.” As these brief and final words echoed through the void, the blurred-out god abruptly disappeared. 9Goldenagato | mp4directs.com Chapter 2: The Superd When I woke up, it was already night. A black sky full of stars stretched above me. Shadows cast by a flame danced across the ground. I could hear the crackling of burning wood. It seemed I was sleeping next to a bonfire, although I didn’t remember making one, or even setting off on a camping trip. The last thing I did remember...was the sky abruptly changing colors, and a wave of white light sweeping over us. Oh, and then there was that dream. Not a very pleasant one... “Gah!” A jolt of fear ran through me and I looked down at my body. Fortunately, it wasn’t the slow, useless lump of flesh I used to inhabit. I was back in the young but strong form of Rudeus. Seeing that, my memories of the past began fading slightly, and a wave of pure relief washed over me. To hell with that Man-God. For a minute there, I’d felt like I was back in the bad old days. Seemed like I was going to get a bit more time in this world after all. Thank goodness. I had a ton of things I still wanted to do here. Like cast aside my “Wizard” status, for one thing. When I sat up, my back hurt; I’d been laid on the bare ground. My immediate surroundings were a stretch of dry, cracked earth. From what I could see, there was barely any vegetation at all. Were there even no insects? I heard nothing except the sound of the fire. It really was quiet out here. I felt like any noise I made would be swallowed up by the total silence of the night. I couldn’t remember having been in a place anything like this before; the kingdom of Asura was covered in grasslands and forests after all. Had that wave of white light done this? No, no. According to the Man-God, I’d been teleported. This was the Demon Continent presumably. A completely new and unfamiliar land. Somehow, that light had sent me... Wait. What about Ghislaine and Eris?! 10Goldenagato | mp4directs.com My first instinct was to jump to my feet and start looking for them. But just as I began moving...I noticed a girl sleeping on the ground behind me, one hand clutching at my shirt. Her vivid red hair was unmistakable. It was Eris. Eris Boreas Greyrat —the girl I’d been tutoring back in Fittoa. I’ll skip the background story for now, but I’d been teaching her reading and arithmetic for three solid years at this point. She’d been a force of nature at first: spoiled, violent, and totally out of control. But I’d managed to navigate through some tricky events, such as rescuing her from would-be kidnappers and teaching her to dance before her birthday party. Eventually, I’d earned her respect and trust. Of course, she still punched and kicked me on a daily basis. That was just the way she was. “...Hm.” For some reason, Eris had some sort of cloak draped over her. I’d just been laid out in my clothes, but...oh well. The principle of “ladies first” probably applied here. My staff, Aqua Heartia, was also lying on the ground behind her. Eris had given it to me as a present on my tenth birthday only a few days ago. In any case, she didn’t have any obvious external injuries. That was a relief. Where’s Ghislaine, though? Ghislaine Dedoldia was both our swordplay instructor and Eris’s personal bodyguard. She was a fearsomely skilled beastwoman who’d been teaching me the basics of her style in exchange for a rudimentary education. The woman’s brain was allegedly “made of muscle,” and she was definitely lagging behind Eris in her studies...but in an emergency like this, she’d be far more useful than the likes of me. It was possible she’d made the fire and put that cloak over Eris. I turned away from my sleeping student, and started looking for my master. Right away, I spotted someone sitting near the fire, whom I hadn’t noticed before. But it wasn’t Ghislaine. It was a man. “...” He was staring at me, still and silent, as if to size me up. I froze like a rabbit under a predator’s glare. 11Goldenagato | mp4directs.com Despite my shock, I tried my best to study the man calmly. He didn’t seem to be wary of us. If anything, it was more like...hmm. How could I put this? Something about his body language reminded me of the way my sister used to slowly, timidly approach a cat she wanted to pet. Was he worried about frightening these children he’d stumbled across? That seemed to indicate he wasn’t hostile. But just as I was breathing a sigh of relief, my mind picked up on a few alarming details. His hair was emerald green, his skin porcelain white, and he had something like a red jewel embedded in his forehead. There was also a long scar running across his face. His eyes were sharp, his features stern; even at a glance, he looked like a dangerous man. Just to drive the point home, there was a three-pronged spear lying by his side. When I was very young, I’d been tutored in magic by a girl named Roxy who taught me many valuable, life-changing things. One of the things she’d taught me concerned a certain race of demons—the Superd. I remembered her words perfectly, even now. Don’t talk to the Superd. Don’t go anywhere near them. I wanted to spring to my feet, grab Eris, and start running wildly. But I managed to suppress that urge at the last moment. The Man-God’s advice had popped into my head: Rely on him, and do what you can to help him. I had absolutely no reason to trust that self-styled deity, of course. Everything he said to me set off alarm bells, and now he’d left me here with this incredibly suspicious character. How could I trust him? This guy was a Superd for crying out loud. Roxy had explained in great detail just how terrifying and violent they were. Maybe some sort of god wanted me to help him out. Okay, fine. But who was I going to trust here? Some shady character I met in a dream, or my beloved master, Roxy? Roxy, obviously. The question wasn’t even worth thinking about. Which meant I should be running away now. Then again...maybe that was why the “advice” was necessary in the 12Goldenagato | mp4directs.com first place. If it weren’t for that dream, I probably would’ve fled immediately. But even if I did manage to get away somehow, what would my next move be? I glanced at our surroundings for a second time. It was dark; everything was completely unfamiliar. And the cracked earth around me was covered in jagged rocks. If I took the Man-God at his word, this was the Demon Continent. That would mean I was a long way away from home. Come to think of it...I’d had another odd dream earlier, although I’d almost forgotten it after that memorable chat with the Man-God. I’d been flying across this world at a ferocious speed. I swept past tall mountains, open seas, thick forests, and deep valleys...many places where I could have actually died. Maybe that hadn’t been a dream; maybe I really had been teleported. The Demon Continent thing seemed increasingly plausible. And of course, I didn’t know where on the continent I was. If I ran off now, I’d be wandering aimlessly in the middle of a massive and foreign land. In the end, I didn’t have much of a choice. Even if Eris and I could get away from this man, we’d just end up hopelessly stranded in the middle of nowhere. Of course, there was always a chance that we’d find a village nearby when the sun came up. But was it worth gambling everything on that? No. Of course not. I knew perfectly well how tough it was to find your way in unfamiliar country. Calm down, man. Deep breaths. You don’t trust the Man-God. Fine. But what about this guy? Look at him carefully. Look at the expression on his face. He’s anxious. Anxious, and a little resigned. He’s not some inhuman monster incapable of emotion, okay? Roxy had told me to steer clear of the Superd, but she’d never actually met one herself. I’d learned all about prejudice and discrimination in my old world, and I knew how witch hunts happened. The Superds were feared, but maybe they were just misunderstood. Roxy surely hadn’t meant to lie to me, but there was a chance she had the wrong idea. My intuition told me this guy wasn’t going to hurt us. He didn’t look nearly as shady or malicious as the Man-God. Rather than Roxy’s warning or the Man-God’s advice, I decided to trust my own instincts. I didn’t hate or 13Goldenagato | mp4directs.com fear this guy at first glance; his appearance was just a little...intimidating. In that case, it wouldn’t hurt to talk. I’d make up my mind based on how that went. “Hello there,” I called to him. After a pause, he responded with a brief, “Hello.” So far so good. Hmm. What’s next? “Are you a servant of god or something?” The man tilted his head in puzzlement. “I’m not sure what you mean by that, but I found you two here after you fell from the sky. I know human children are delicate, so I made this fire to keep you warm.” No mention of my faceless friend, huh? Was this guy not in on the divine plan? Based on what the Man-God said about his motives, maybe watching me was only half the fun. Seeing how other people reacted to me was probably just as interesting. In that case, this man really might be trustworthy. “That was very kind of you. Thank you for helping us.“ “...Are you blind, boy?” Now that was a peculiar question. “What? No, my vision’s perfect, actually.” “Did your parents not teach you about the Superd then?” “My parents didn’t, but my master did warn me to stay away from them at all costs.” The man paused again, then spoke more slowly and carefully than before. “You’re disregarding your master’s words, you know.” The unspoken question, of course, was: I’m a Superd. Are you really okay with that? The man seemed surprisingly insecure. “Aren’t you afraid of me?” Not afraid, no. But I am a little suspicious of you. There was no need to say that aloud of course. “I think it would be impolite to fear a man who just helped me.” “Hm. You say the strangest things, child.” There was a look of genuine bewilderment on his face now. 14Goldenagato | mp4directs.com I didn’t think I’d said anything particularly odd, but maybe the Superd took it for granted that everyone would run screaming at the sight of them. I’d learned a bit about the Laplace War, the four-hundred-year conflict between humanity and demonkind that ended only a century ago. I knew that the Superd had been shunned ever since it came to an end. The world was slowly shedding its prejudices against other types of demons, but the Superd were definitely a special case. Every other race seemed to loathe them as passionately as the Japanese people hated American soldiers during World War II. They were portrayed as something close to the embodiment of pure evil. Without my knowledge of racism from my old life, I probably would have shrieked in terror at the sight of one. The man said nothing. He tossed a twig into the fire and it popped loudly. Eris moaned at the sound and began stirring. She seemed on the edge of consciousness. Wait. That’s not good. She’s definitely going to make a scene. I should at least introduce myself before things get totally chaotic. “I’m Rudeus Greyrat. What’s your name, sir?” “Ruijerd Superdia.” Superdia was presumably the common last name used by all the Superds. That was how things typically worked with the demonic peoples. For the most part, only humans took family names, although there were a few eccentric exceptions among the other races. Likewise, Roxy’s last name was Migurdia, according to the Dictionary of Demonkind she sent me during my stint as Eris’s tutor. “Well, Ruijerd, I think this young lady is going to wake soon. She can be very noisy at times, I’m afraid. Let me apologize in advance.” “No need for that. I’m used to it.” Given her aggressive approach to life, there was a real risk Eris might take a swing at Ruijerd the instant she laid eyes on him. We needed to have a quick conversation while we had the chance. Hopefully that would keep things from getting too hostile later on. “Pardon me. I’m going to move a little closer.” With a glance at Eris to 15Goldenagato | mp4directs.com make sure she wasn’t waking up just yet, I scooted around the fire and settled down next to Ruijerd. Up close, I could make out his clothes in the faint, flickering light. His embroidered vest and trousers seemed like some type of tribal garb—the sort of thing an indigenous person might have worn. Ruijerd seemed more uncomfortable than anything else. But honestly, that was much less off-putting than the Man-God’s brand of pushy friendliness. I said, “Not to change the subject, but where are we at the moment?” “The Biegoya region, in the Northeast of the Demon Continent. We’re not far from the old Kishirisu Castle.” “Oh. I see...” I’d seen Kishirisu Castle on a map once. It was a long, long way away from Asura. “Why did we land all the way out here, I wonder?” “If you two don’t know, I certainly wouldn’t.” “Yeah, I suppose not.” I guess strange things can just happen when you’re in a world with dragons and magic, but... It didn’t seem like a coincidence that we’d run into a major character like Perugius’s lieutenant right before this happened. For that matter, it could be that the Man-God had played some part in things as well. If we’d been caught up in this by sheer coincidence, it was a miracle we were even alive. “Well, in any case, I’m very grateful that you helped us.” “There’s no need for gratitude. Just tell me where you hail from.” “We’re from the Kingdom of Asura on the Central Continent. The city of Roa in the Fittoa region specifically.” “Asura...? That’s certainly a far-off land.” “It certainly is.” “Not to worry though. I’ll see you back there safe and sound.” The Northeast of the Demon Continent was on the opposite side of the map from Asura. In sheer distance, it was comparable to a trip from Paris to Las Vegas. And in this world, of course, you couldn’t just hop on an airplane. Even sea travel was only possible on specific routes, so any intercontinental 16Goldenagato | mp4directs.com journey required lengthy detours over land. “Do you have any idea what may have happened, boy?” “Well, uhm...the sky started glowing all of a sudden, then someone who called himself Almanfi the Radiant showed up and told us he’d come to stop some sort of abnormality. We were still talking to him when this wave of bright, white light hit us. Next thing I knew, I was waking up here.” “Almanfi...? So, Perugius got involved? The situation must have been truly grave then. You’re lucky you were merely teleported.” “True enough. If that had been some sort of explosion, we’d both be dead.” I noticed Ruijerd hadn’t seemed too surprised by the whole Perugius thing. Maybe it wasn’t that unusual for our legendary hero to show up every now and again. “By the way, Ruijerd...have you ever heard of a Man-God?” “Mangod? Doesn’t sound familiar. Is that someone’s name?” “Never mind. It’s not really important.” It didn’t feel like he was lying to me, and I couldn’t imagine why he’d feel the need to. “In any case...the Kingdom of Asura is it?” “It’s all right, I wouldn’t ask you to take us all that way. If you could just escort us to the nearest town, I think we—” “No. A Superd warrior never goes back on his word.” Ruijerd’s words were firm, his voice full of stubborn pride. It was enough to make me want to trust him, even putting aside the Man-God’s advice. Right now, however, I needed to stay skeptical. “But we’re talking about a journey to the other side of the world.” “Don’t worry yourself about that, child.” With that, the man reached out and timidly patted me on the head. I saw relief on his face when I didn’t jerk away from his hand. Was this guy just fond of children maybe? Still, we weren’t talking about a ten-minute stroll back home here. I couldn’t exactly take his promises at face value right now... “Think of it this way,” the man said. “Do you know the language here? Do you have any money? Do you know the roads?” 17Goldenagato | mp4directs.com Oh. Huh. Hadn’t even occurred to me until now, but...I’d been speaking in the Human Tongue this whole time, and this demon man was responding fluently. Interesting. “I can speak Demon-God actually. And I’m a competent magician, so I can earn money for myself. If you take us to a town, I’ll find out where we need to go.” I wanted to steer this conversation toward a polite refusal if possible. Ruijerd himself might be trustworthy, but I didn’t like the idea of things playing out exactly as the Man-God wanted. If my cautious words hurt him, the man didn’t let it show. “I see. At least allow me to protect you then. Abandoning such young children would blemish the honor of the Superd.” “Well, I wouldn’t want to disgrace such a proud people.” “Not to worry. We’ve already taken care of that ourselves.” I chuckled a little, and Ruijerd’s lips curved upward slightly. Unlike the Man-God’s hollow, disturbing grin, there was some genuine warmth behind his smile. “In any case, I’ll take you to the village where I’m staying tomorrow morning.” “All right.” I didn’t trust that so-called god further than I could throw him, but this man was different. It couldn’t hurt to give him a chance. Until we reached that village at least. *** A little while later, Eris’s eyes snapped open. Sitting bolt upright, she looked around the area, her expression increasingly anxious. After a moment her eyes met mine, and I saw relief flash across her face. An instant later, she noticed the man sitting next to me. “Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!!!” Shrieking like a banshee, Eris tumbled backward, then tried to get up and run. But her legs gave out under her and she collapsed to the ground. “Nooooooooooo!” 18Goldenagato | mp4directs.com The girl was in a state of total, blind panic. But she wasn’t thrashing around violently, or even trying to crawl away. She just lay where she’d fallen, trembling in terror, wailing at the top of her lungs. “No! No, no, no! Please, please, no! Ghislaine! Ghislaine, help me! Ghislaine! Why aren’t you coming?! Noooo! I don’t want to die! I don’t want to die! I’m sorry! I’m sorry! I’m sorry, Rudeus! I’m sorry I pushed you away! I’m such a coward! Now I’ll never get to...k-keep my promise! Aaah...ah... Waaaaaaah!” After carrying on for quite a while, the girl finally curled up into a ball and began bawling incoherently. Just watching her sent a cold shiver down my spine. I can’t believe how terrified she is... Whatever else you could say about her, Eris was a strong-willed, confident girl. As far as she was concerned, the world was hers for the taking. She always tried to bulldoze through every obstacle in her path; as a general rule, the girl threw punches first and talked later. Had I...gotten the wrong idea here maybe? Was running into a Superd literally a matter of life and death? A bit unsettled, I glanced over at Ruijerd. “That’s a more typical reaction,” he said. You can’t be serious. “So I’m the one who’s behaving oddly here?” “Yes, you’re acting rather strangely. However...” “However?” “I can’t say that I mind.” The man’s face was a picture of loneliness. I felt a stab of genuine sympathy. I got to my feet and walked to my cowering pupil. Eris twitched in fear as my footsteps drew closer; I squatted down next to her and began gently rubbing her back. It brought back memories from a different life, of a time when my grandma had comforted me in the exact same way. “Come on, it’s okay. There’s nothing to be afraid of.” “Hic... Of course there is! Th-that man’s a Superd!” I still didn’t entirely understand why she was so terrified, honestly. I 19Goldenagato | mp4directs.com mean, this was Eris—the girl who’d fearlessly attacked Ghislaine, an actual Sword King. I’d thought she wasn’t afraid of anything. “What’s so scary about him though?” “H-he’s a Superd, stupid! They... They eat children! While they’re still alive! Hic.” “Hm. I don’t think that’s true.” I turned back to Ruijerd for confirmation, and he nodded gamely. “We don’t eat children, no.” Yeah, didn’t really think so. “You hear that, Eris?” “B-but... But they’re demons! Demons!” “Yes, that’s true. But he speaks Human just fine fortunately.” “Look, that’s not the point, okay?!” Jerking her head up off the ground, Eris looked up at me with fire in her eyes. Much better. Now that’s the Eris we know and love. “Hmm, you sure you want to stick your head up like that? Maybe he won’t eat you if you stay curled up on the ground.” “Argh! S-stop making fun of me!” Clearly infuriated by my teasing, Eris shot me another glare, then whipped her head around to do to the same to Ruijerd...at which point, she started trembling again. Were those actual tears in her eyes? Good thing she wasn’t standing up with her legs spread wide, the way she usually did. Her knees would probably be shaking like crazy. “N-nice...to meet you, s-sir. I’m...E-Eris B-Bo-Boreas...Greyrat!” Despite it all, the girl still managed to stutter out a polite greeting. It was a little comical, especially coming right after she’d glared daggers at him. Come to think of it, though, taking the initiative to introduce yourself was never a bad idea when you were speaking to a stranger. Someone had taught me that a long time ago. “Eris Boboboreas Greyrat, is it? You humans have taken to giving yourselves some peculiar names of late, it seems.” “No, no! It’s Eris Boreas Greyrat! I just stuttered a little, that’s all! Look, how about you introduce yourself, huh?!” 20Goldenagato | mp4directs.com An instant after she’d finished shouting at him, Eris’s face went a little pale. Seemed like she’d forgotten who she was talking to for a second there. “Of course. My apologies. I’m Ruijerd Superdia.” When Ruijerd responded calmly, an expression of relief flashed across Eris’s face, then quickly gave way to a confident, cocky grin. It seemed she’d retroactively decided she wasn’t scared of him one bit. “See? He’s not so bad. You can make friends with anyone, so long as you can communicate with them.” “Yep! You’re right, Rudeus. Honestly, Mother’s such a silly liar!” So she’d heard about the Superd from Hilda then? I was a bit curious about the stories she’d been told. They must have been pretty awful. Eris’s reaction was relatively understandable. I probably would’ve freaked out more than a little if I ran into a Teke or Namahage in real life, after all. “What did Miss Hilda tell you about the Superd?” “She always said they’d come to eat me unless I went to bed on time.” Ah, so they were the classic bedtime boogeyman in this world, huh? Kind of like the Putaway Man back in Japan. “Well, this Superd doesn’t seem interested in eating us. We could brag about making friends with him once we make it back it home, right?” “Oh. D-do you think Grandfather and Ghislaine would be impressed...?” “Of course.” I glanced over at Ruijerd. There was an expression of mild surprise on his face. So far so good. “You know, I think Ruijerd’s actually a bit of a loner. He’d probably agree to be your friend right away if you asked him.” “B-but...” I did feel like I’d put the matter in pretty childish terms, but Eris looked a bit hesitant. Come to think of it, she didn’t really have any “friends” herself, did she? I was probably slightly outside that category for her... No wonder she’d feel bashful then. The girl just needed a little push. “Isn’t that right, Ruijerd?” 21Goldenagato | mp4directs.com “Huh? Er, of course. I would very much appreciate it, Eris.” It took the man a moment, but he took his cue eventually. “W-well, if you insist! I suppose I’ll be your friend!” 22Goldenagato | mp4directs.com 23Goldenagato | mp4directs.com The sight of Ruijerd bowing his head to her was enough to break through the last of Eris’s defenses. Everything was really was so simple with her. It made me feel kind of ridiculous for overthinking things so much. Then again, I guess someone needed to compensate for her impulsiveness. “Phew. Okay then. I think I’m going to get a little more rest, if you don’t mind.” “What the heck, Rudeus? You’re going to sleep already?” “Yes. I’m tired, Eris. Very tired.” “Really? Well, that’s a shame. Good night then.” I curled up on the ground, and Eris gently draped the cape she’d been lying under over me. Presumably it belonged to Ruijerd. For some reason, I really was completely exhausted. Just as I was drifting off to sleep, I caught a few snatches of conversation from the direction of the fire. “Are you not afraid of me anymore, girl?” “I’m fine. I’ve got Rudeus with me.” Right. I’m going to get Eris home safe at least. No matter what. With that final thought, I let myself sink into unconsciousness. 24Goldenagato | mp4directs.com Chapter 3: A Master’s Secrets Once again, I was dreaming. This time, I was watching a group of angels descend from the skies above. Seemed pleasant enough, compared to my recent nightmares. Then I noticed that parts of the angels were hidden by pixelated mosaics. As they drew closer, they giggled at me in unison, and creepy grins spread across their faces. The instant I realized this wasn’t going to be a happy dream, I woke up. “Another nightmare...” I’d been having many of those recently. I sat up slowly and studied the barren, rocky field of earth in front of me. This was the Demon Continent—one half of the supercontinent that was torn apart in a war between humanity and demonkind, and home to the various demonic races once united by the Demon-God Laplace. Its area was roughly half that of the Central Continent, but it was a harsher place by far. There was very little vegetation, for one thing. The terrain was scarred with cracks and fissures; changes in elevation were abrupt, with great rock slopes jutting up like steps on a giant staircase. Travelers would often find their path blocked by piles of boulders taller than a man. The place was basically a maze. What’s more, its dense, natural concentrations of magical energy meant it was plagued by numerous powerful monsters. From what I’d read, walking from one end to the other would take three times as long as a journey across the larger Central Continent. We had a very tough road ahead of us, and I wasn’t sure how to break the news to Eris. But when I looked over, I found her staring out at the bleak landscape with excitement shining in her eyes. “Uhm, Eris. It seems we’re on the Demon Continent, so—” “The Demon Continent! What an adventure this is going to be!” 25Goldenagato | mp4directs.com Was that joy in her voice? Well, all right then. No reason to be a buzzkill and explain just how dangerous this is going to be. “Let’s move,” said Ruijerd. “Follow me.” Together, the three of us set out across the barren plain. *** Apparently, Eris had made friends with Ruijerd while I was sleeping. She chattered away at him as we walked, describing her life at home, her lessons in magic, and her sword fighting practice with great enthusiasm. Ruijerd didn’t contribute that much to the conversation, but offered polite expressions of interest where appropriate. It was hard to believe Eris had been utterly terrified of the man only the night before. At this point, she didn’t seem intimidated by him in the slightest. In fact, she made a few offhand comments that bordered on being outright rude. It made me more than a little anxious, but Ruijerd never seemed to take offense. Who said the Superd had a terrible temper anyway? They were clearly full of it. Of course, Eris wasn’t quite as prone to bluntly insulting people as she used to be. Edna and I had basically drilled that habit out of her, so she probably wasn’t going to blurt out anything too awful—or so I wanted to believe. Still, it was hard to know what might infuriate a stranger from an unfamiliar culture. I was really hoping she’d tread carefully here. Also, Eris tended to get infuriated pretty easily herself, so...hopefully Ruijerd would do the same. As that thought ran through my mind, I heard Eris’s voice grow sharp with irritation. “Rudeus isn’t your older brother then?” “Of course not!” “But you share the name Greyrat. That is a family name, correct?” “That doesn’t make him my brother!” 26Goldenagato | mp4directs.com “Was he born to a different mother? Sired by a different father?” “No, no. That’s not it, either.” “I don’t know how humans view these things, but you ought to be grateful that you have him.” “Look, you’ve just got the wrong idea!” “Regardless, be grateful that you have him.” “Ugh...” Ruijerd had spoken firmly, and Eris faltered for a moment before finally giving in. “O-Of course I’m grateful...” Not that we’re really siblings, of course. Also, she’s older than me. *** The Demon Continent lived up to its reputation for rocky, steep terrain. The ground was also hard, dry, and dusty—more sand than soil. You could hardly blame the demons for starting a war to break out of this lousy place. There were barely any plants at all. Every once in a while I spotted a weird rocky thing that looked like some sort of cactus, but that was about it. “Hm. Wait here for a moment. Don’t move from this spot, you understand?” Once every ten minutes or so, Ruijerd would order us to sit still and run off ahead. This time, he leapt easily across a series of massive boulders, quickly disappearing from view. The man’s physical abilities were unbelievable. I’d always thought of Ghislaine as almost superhuman, but if you translated their raw agility into numbers, Ruijerd might actually come out on top. Less than five minutes after his latest abrupt departure, he came hopping back to us. “Sorry to keep you waiting. Let’s move on.” Ruijerd didn’t explain himself, but there was a faint scent of blood on the head of his trident. Presumably, he’d cut down some sort of monster that may have blocked our way forward. From what I recalled of Roxy’s dictionary, that jewel-like thing on his head acted like a radar of sorts. He was probably using it to identify potential threats before they got too close, then 27Goldenagato | mp4directs.com cut them down before they knew what hit them. “Okay, look! Why do you keep running off like that anyway?” Eris asked, blunt as ever. “I’m dealing with the monsters on the road ahead of us,” Ruijerd responded concisely. Parting his hair to the sides, he showed Eris the glinting red crystal at the center of his forehead. She flinched in surprise for just a moment; but the “jewel” was actually a rather pretty thing, and soon she was staring up at it with open curiosity. “Oh, right. That must come in handy!” “I suppose it does, but at times I wish I didn’t have one.” “Well, I’ll take it if you don’t want it. C’mon, let me yank it off!” “It’s not quite that easy, I’m afraid.” Ruijerd smiled a little. Eris really had come a long way. She was even making jokes these days. Uh. That was a joke, right? “That reminds me, Ruijerd...I’ve heard the monsters on the Demon Continent are very strong.” “They’re not so fearsome in this area. But we’re some distance from the main road, so they’re rather numerous.” That seemed like a bit of an understatement actually. Ruijerd had been fighting monsters every fifteen minutes or so for a while now. Back in Asura, you could travel for hours by carriage without seeing a single one. True, the Kingdom’s knights and adventurers made regular efforts to exterminate any monsters within its borders, but even so, the encounter rate on the Demon Continent was absurdly high. “You’ve been fighting all alone this whole time, Ruijerd. How are you holding up?” “It’s not an issue. I cut these creatures down in a single strike.” “Well, all right...but let me know if you’re getting tired, will you? I could watch your back at least. And I do know how to use healing magic.” “Don’t worry yourself, child.” Ruijerd reached out and timidly patted my head again. He really loved doing that, didn’t he? “You just stay with 28Goldenagato | mp4directs.com your little sister and keep her safe, all right?” “Listen! I’m not his little sister, okay?! I’m older than he is!” “Hm. Really? My apologies.” Ruijerd tried patting Eris on the head as well, but she slapped his hand away sulkily. Better luck next time, big guy. *** “Here we are.” The walk had taken about three hours in total. We’d followed a long, winding path with a good bit of uphill climbing, so it took quite a while. But as the crow flies, we were only half a mile or so from where we’d started. I was surprisingly worn out. I’d been feeling lethargic since the night before. Was this some sort of after-effect of that teleportation spell? Maybe I just needed to work on my endurance... It wasn’t like I’d been slacking off on my training with Ghislaine, though. “Oh! It’s a town!” Eris exclaimed, studying the little settlement in front of us with great interest. The girl didn’t look even slightly winded. I was a little jealous of her stamina. To my eyes, the place we’d arrived at looked more like a village than a town. There were maybe ten or fifteen houses at most, and the fence surrounding them was crude. I noticed a small field inside as well. It was hard to tell what they were growing, but from the looks of things, it wasn’t going to be a bumper crop. Was it even possible to farm on land like this, without a river anywhere nearby? “Halt!” Just outside the front gate, we were stopped by a boy who looked like he belonged in junior high. His blue hair reminded me of Roxy. “Who are those two, Ruijerd?!” 29Goldenagato | mp4directs.com The kid was speaking in the Demon-God tongue, but I could understand him well enough. My listening comprehension skills were apparently up to par. “Remember the shooting star last night? That was them.” “I can’t let such suspicious strangers into our village!” “What’s so suspicious about them? Explain yourself.” Ruijerd’s face was suddenly stern, his voice threatening. If he’d spoken to me this way last night, I probably would have run for the hills without a second thought. “Wh-What is there to explain? Just look at them!” “They’re the victims of a magical disaster that occurred in Asura. They happened to be teleported here, that’s all.” “But... Look, even if that’s true...” “What’s the matter with you? Would you really leave these children to their fate?” At this point, I noticed Ruijerd was clenching his hands into fists. Acting on instinct, I reached out to grab his arm. “He’s just doing his job, Ruijerd. Please calm down.” “What...?” “Arguing with some flunky isn’t going to get us anywhere. Why don’t we ask him to go get someone with actual authority?” The boy scowled at the word flunky, but Ruijerd nodded in agreement. “You have a point. Rowin, would you call for the elder?” “Yeah. I was just thinking I might do that actually.” Rowin closed his eyes tightly. He then proceeded to stand there silently for the next ten seconds. Uh...what is this? Are you going to get moving or not? Please don’t tell me this kid just nodded off on the job... Hmm. Maybe he’s waiting for a nice wet kiss? “Uh, Ruijerd, is he...” “The Migurd can converse with others of their race, even at a distance.” 30Goldenagato | mp4directs.com “Oh. Now that you mention it, I think my master told me a bit about that.” To be specific, she’d written in her Dictionary of Demonkind that the Migurd were capable of telepathic communication with their close friends and family members. She also noted that she herself lacked this ability, and had left her village because of it. Poor girl. Come to think of it though...if this was a Migurd village, maybe mentioning Roxy’s name would be helpful? Then again, I didn’t know if she was connected to this specific place. There was also the chance it could backfire completely. “The elder’s on his way,” Rowin said, opening his eyes at last. “We could go meet him halfway, if—” “You’re not taking a step inside this village!” “Very well then.” With negotiations at an impasse, we just stood there for a while. As the awkward silence stretched on, Eris tugged at my sleeve and whispered, “Hey, what’s going on?” Oh, right. She doesn’t understand the Demon-God tongue. “The guard here thinks we’re suspicious, so we’re waiting for the village elder to come look us over in person.” “What the heck? What’s so suspicious about us?” Furrowing her brow, Eris looked down at her clothes. She’d put on her usual sword-practice outfit for our trip outside the city; it was a little light, but didn’t strike me as odd compared to what Ruijerd was wearing. It wasn’t like she was wearing a frilly dress. “Uhm, should I be worried?” “About what?” “I don’t know. Just...in general.” “We’ll be fine, Eris.” “Well...okay then.” Bold as Eris was, the prospect of an argument at the village entrance clearly made her more than a little anxious. My attempt at reassurance seemed to work at least. 31Goldenagato | mp4directs.com “The elder seems to have arrived,” Ruijerd murmured after a moment. I peered into the village and saw a bald man with a cane who looked weirdly youthful. He was walking toward us with two girls who looked like teenagers. None of them were particularly tall. Maybe the Migurd just stayed that height, even when they were fully grown. There hadn’t been any mention of that in Master Roxy’s dictionary... but the girl she drew to illustrate the entry did look like a junior high school student. I assumed it was a self-portrait at the time, which was somewhat charming, but maybe she was just depicting a typical adult Migurd. While I was pondering the matter, the village elder began conferring with Rowin a little way from our group. “These are the children in question then?” “Yes. One of them can speak the Demon-God tongue. It’s very strange.” “Anyone could learn the tongue if they studied it, surely.” “Why would such a young human child study our language of all things?!” I had to hand it to Rowin. He kind of had a point on that one. Fortunately, the village elder just patted him gently on the shoulder. “Let’s not be too hasty, Rowin. Try to calm down, all right? I’ll speak with them.” With that said, the little man began walking slowly toward us. For lack of a better idea, I bowed to him—a simple Japanese greeting, rather than the fancy one favored by the Asuran nobility. “Nice to meet you, sir. My name is Rudeus Greyrat.” “Well, you’re certainly a polite one. I’m Rokkus, the elder of this village.” I glanced over at Eris, trying to prompt her to follow my example. Apparently confused by the contrast between the man’s apparent youthfulness and his dignified bearing, she crossed and uncrossed her arms. It looked like she was trying to decide whether to assume her signature defiant pose. “You should introduce yourself, Eris.” “But...uh, I don’t know the language.” 32Goldenagato | mp4directs.com “Just do it the way you learned. I’ll tell him what you’re saying.” “Ugh... I-It’s a pleasure to make your acquaintance, sir. My name is Eris Boreas Greyrat.” After a moment’s hesitation, Eris offered a textbook curtsy, just as she’d practiced in her etiquette lessons. The village elder’s face broke into a smile. “Did the little lady here just introduce herself as well, son?” “Yes. That’s the way you do it in our homeland.” “Hmm. It wasn’t much like yours, though.” “Well, the customs are different for men and women...” Rokkus nodded thoughtfully at this, then bowed to Eris the same way I’d bowed to him. “My name is Rokkus. I am the elder of this village.” A bit startled, Eris glanced over at me uncertainly. “What did he just say, Rudeus?” “He’s the elder of this village, and he’s called Rokkus.” “Oh. R-really? So I guess he did understand you. That’s good.” Eris smiled in obvious relief. That probably covered the initial formalities. It was time to get down to business. “Would you permit us entry to your village, Rokkus?” “Hrm...” Rather than answering my question at once, the little man began studying me intently from head to toe. Ooh! Such a passionate gaze! Cut it out...you’re making me want to do a striptease... After a long moment, his eyes came to a stop, fixed on my upper chest. “Where did you obtain that pendant you’re wearing, young man?” “It was a gift from my master.” “And who was this master of yours, if I might ask?” “Her name was Roxy.” The honest answer felt like the way to go here. At the end of the day, I was proud to have studied under her. “What was that?!” Rowin shouted. Before I could respond, he rushed 33Goldenagato | mp4directs.com right past Rokkus to grab me by the shoulders. “D-did you just say Roxy, boy?!” “Yes. That’s my master’s name...” Out of the corner of my eye, I saw Ruijerd balling his hands into fists. Turning my head to meet his gaze, I shook my head slightly. There wasn’t any anger on Rowin’s face, only anxious excitement. He wasn’t going to hurt me. “Where—where is Roxy now?!” “Well, I haven’t seen her in some time myself, but...” “Please! Tell me anything you know! Roxy... Roxy is my daughter!” Sorry, come again? “Uhm, I’m not sure I heard you correctly. Could you repeat that.” “Roxy’s my daughter! Tell me, is she still alive?!” Pardon, monsieur? Uhm, no, I think I heard you fine the first time actually. Just feeling a bit curious about your age. The man didn’t look old enough to be in high school even. If you told me he was Roxy’s little brother, I would have believed you. But apparently...hmm. Yeah. Interesting. “Please, just tell me! It’s been more than twenty years since she left this village, and we haven’t heard a word from her since!” So Roxy had basically run away from home. Not that she’d mentioned anything about that to me of course. Honestly, master, must you be so secretive? Wait. More than twenty years ago? Uh...how old would that make her? “Well? Why aren’t you saying anything?!” Whoops. Sorry about that, buddy. “Uhm, right now she’s...” Halfway through my sentence, I realized the man still had a death grip on my shoulders. It sort of looked like he was trying to squeeze the information out of me, didn’t it? That was no good. I didn’t want anyone thinking I’d broken under pressure...not quite this easily at least. I mean, if he’d smashed my computer, beaten me up, then barraged me with insults, that’d be a different story. I needed to stick up for myself a bit here. It might make Eris anxious otherwise. 34Goldenagato | mp4directs.com “Actually, I want you to answer a question for me first. How old is Roxy right now?” “What? Why does her age matter? Can you just—” “It’s very important. Oh, and while you’re at it, I’d also like to know how long the Migurd live.” Yeah. This was definitely something I needed cleared up. “Uh...fine. Roxy would be...forty-four this year, I suppose. And we live around 200 years, for the most part. Unless some disease kills us first.” Huh! We’re the same age! That makes me kind of happy actually. “You don’t say. Hmm. By the way, would you mind letting go of me?” Rowin finally released his grip on my shoulders. Okay. Now we can talk. “As of six months ago, Roxy was in the Kingdom of Shirone. I wasn’t there in person, but we were exchanging letters for a while.” “Letters? Can she write in the Human tongue?” “Yes. She knew our language perfectly by the time I met her. That was seven years ago.” “R-really? In any case...you’re saying she’s all right?” “Well, there’s always a chance she came down with some sudden illness recently. But as far as I know, she’s in perfectly good health.” Rowin sank unsteadily to his knees. There was undisguised relief on his face, and tears were shining in his eyes. “I see... So she’s all right. She’s all right! Haha... Thank goodness...” Hey, I’m happy for you, Dad. I found myself thinking of Paul, wondering if he might react similarly when he learned I was safe. I’d have to send a letter to Buena Village as soon as I could. Turning away from Roxy’s weeping father, I addressed Rokkus again. “Now that we’ve cleared that up...would you be willing to let us inside?” “Of course. We wouldn’t turn away someone who brought us such welcome news.” 35Goldenagato | mp4directs.com Good thing I had this pendant. Never would’ve thought it’d come in so handy. I probably could’ve saved myself some time by showing it to them right away. But then again, depending on how the conversation went, they may have gotten the impression that I killed Roxy and stole it from her. Demons apparently had long lifespans, and it probably wasn’t uncommon for them to look much younger or older than they really were. In other words, my appearance wouldn’t necessarily protect me from suspicion here– especially if they realized my mental age was more like forty-five. I’d have to do my best to act appropriately childish. For now, at least, we’d managed to gain entrance to the Migurd village. 36Goldenagato | mp4directs.com Chapter 4: The Foundations of Trust If I had to describe Roxy’s former village in one word, it would be destitute. There were less than twenty households. It was a bit hard to describe the buildings themselves; it looked like they just dug down into the earth then covered up the hole with something that resembled a turtle’s shell. It was obvious at a glance that the architectural techniques in use here weren’t nearly as advanced as those of the Asura Kingdom. Then again, even if you brought a crew of Asuran builders out here, they probably wouldn’t have managed to make anything better—there didn’t seem to be any lumber to work with after all. The little field I’d spotted from outside the gate was lined by neat rows of wilting, leafy plants. In all honesty, it looked like they were all half-dead. Somewhat concerning. The Dictionary of Demonkind hadn’t included much detailed information on agriculture unfortunately. All I could remember was a brief mention that their vegetables tended to be “bitter and unpleasant.” Apart from the crops themselves, there were also some alarmingly toothy flowers growing at the very edges of the field. They bore a strong resemblance to the deadly plants known to lurk inside green pipes in a certain video game series; but it seemed plausible that these were actually some sort of animal, given the way they audibly gnashed their ugly, uneven fangs together. Presumably they’d been placed there to protect the crops from hungry animals. Near the village fence, a group of young girls moved busily around a fire. It looked like a bunch of junior high kids out on a camping trip, but they seemed to be focused on cooking a single enormous meal. Apparently they made their meals in one big pot and then distributed shares to all the villagers. There were almost no men around. I did notice a few children who were ostensibly boys at play, but other than Rowin and the elder, the adults were all women. The others were presumably off securing tomorrow’s 37Goldenagato | mp4directs.com dinner. From what I remembered, men did most of the hunting in these villages, while the women looked after their homes. “What sort of prey is there to hunt around here, Ruijerd?” I asked. “Monsters,” he replied. That answer was probably perfectly true, but it felt slightly lacking in detail—like a fisherman telling you he caught “fish” for a living. Oh well. Guess I’ll just have to press a little harder. “Uhm... Do those shells on top of their houses come from monsters too?” “Those come from Great Tortoises. Their shells are tough, and their meat’s delicious. You can even make bowstrings from their tendons.” “Are those the hunters’ main targets then?” “Yes.” A tasty tortoise, huh? It was a little hard to picture one massive enough to fit these shells. The one covering the village’s biggest house had to be at least sixty feet long. As that thought ran through my head, Ruijerd and Rokkus stepped into that very building. One thing never seemed to change, no matter where I ended up: the guy in charge always had the nicest house. “Pardon me.” “Th-thank you for having us.” Mumbling some vaguely polite words, Eris and I went in as well. “Whoa...” The interior of the dugout was much more spacious than I would’ve guessed from the outside. Its floor was covered with furs, and the walls were decorated with colorful works of art; a fire blazed in a sunken hearth at the center of the room, lighting the interior quite nicely. There were no separate rooms or dividing walls; at night, you probably just wrapped yourself up in a fur and curled up by the fire. I noticed a number of swords and bows placed carefully near the outer walls. You could certainly tell this was a community of hunters. For some reason, the two girls who’d followed the elder to the gate didn’t follow us inside. 38Goldenagato | mp4directs.com “Well then, let’s hear your story,” Rokkus said, plopping himself down next to the hearth. Ruijerd took a seat directly facing the elder; I sat cross- legged next to the Superd. I glanced back, looking for Eris, and found her standing awkwardly near the entrance, unsure of what to do. “Do we just sit on the ground? Even inside the house?” “We sat on the floor all the time during sword practice, didn’t we?” “H-hmm. Yeah, I guess you’re right.” Eris wasn’t the type to get too flustered about this sort of thing really. She was probably just thrown off by the difference between how things worked here and what she’d learned in her etiquette lessons. Watching her drop down to the ground, I found myself slightly concerned that the girl might completely forget the concept of “manners” by the time we made it back home. Shaking my head slightly, I turned back to face Elder Rokkus. *** I started off by stating my name, age, profession, and place of residence, then explained that Eris was my pupil and the daughter of a noble family. I also made it clear that we’d been sent very suddenly to this continent by events beyond our control. I decided against mentioning the whole Man-God thing. I had no way of knowing how the Migurd viewed that particular deity, and the last thing I needed was to brand myself as the messenger of an evil god. “...Well, there you have it.” “Hrm,” Rokkus murmured, stroking his jaw with the thoughtful expression of a junior high kid pondering some tricky algebra problem. “I see...” As we waited for him to make a decision, I noticed Eris beginning to nod off. She’d looked energetic enough a few minutes earlier, but maybe the hike had taken its toll after all. It wasn’t really surprising—this sort of travel was new to her, and it seemed she’d never gone back to sleep the previous 39Goldenagato | mp4directs.com night. The girl was probably running on fumes. “Eris, I can handle the talking,” I said. “Why don’t you take a nap?” “...How am I supposed to do that?” “You just wrap yourself up in one of the furs, I think.” “But there aren’t any pillows.” “Hey, my lap’s available,” I said, slapping my thighs with a smile. “Wh-what’s that supposed to mean?” “It means you can rest your head on my legs.” “...Really? Well...thanks.” Normally, Eris would have kicked up a royal fuss at the very suggestion, but it seemed she was too drowsy to care. Without much hesitation, she plopped her head in my lap. For a moment, her face tensed and she clenched her hands into fists, but once she closed her eyes, she was sound asleep within seconds. The girl must have been seriously exhausted. I took the opportunity to gently stroke her long, red hair, and she squirmed a little as she slept. 40Goldenagato | mp4directs.com 41Goldenagato | mp4directs.com After a moment, I realized that Rokkus was watching me from across the hearth. There was a warm, amused smile on his face. I couldn’t help feeling a little self-conscious. “...Uhm, what is it?” “You two certainly seem to get along.” “Oh. Yes, absolutely.” That said, we were still in “hands-off” mode for now. The little lady here had some firm ideas on the subject of chastity, and I wasn’t about to disrespect that. “In any case...how are you planning to make your way back home?” Hmm. He’d gone straight to the same question Ruijerd had brought up the night before. “We’ll travel on foot, earning money as we go.” “You think a pair of children can earn enough to support themselves?” “Actually, I’m planning to handle that part on my own.” Not that I was exactly street-smart myself, but I couldn’t very well expect a sheltered, little rich girl like Eris to deal with the practical realities here. “They won’t be alone,” Ruijerd interjected. “I’ll be going with them.” Hmm. It would definitely be reassuring to have this guy in our corner, but the Man-God thing was still a point of concern. No matter how much I wanted to trust him, it was probably better for us to go our separate ways at this point. For all I knew, he was a ticking time bomb. That said...how exactly was I supposed to turn down this offer? Before I could think of anything, Elder Rokkus voiced his own disapproval. “And what purpose would that serve, Ruijerd?” “What do you mean?” Ruijerd replied with a frown. “I’m going to keep these two safe, and bring them back to their home.” Rokkus sighed. “But you can’t enter any towns, can you?” “Uh...” Wait, what? He can’t...go into town? “Think about what might happen if you approached a city with these children. You remember what happened a hundred years ago, don’t you? When the garrison chased you off and formed a squad to hunt you?” 42Goldenagato | mp4directs.com ...A hundred years ago? “Well, yes...” Ruijerd stammered. “But...I could just wait by myself outside...” “And know nothing of what befalls these two within? That’s no way to keep them safe,” Rokkus said, shaking his head in exasperation. Ruijerd grimaced and ground his teeth. Apparently, the Superd were just as feared and hated on the Demon Continent as they were in Asura. Had they really formed an entire squad just to hunt down a single man? That seemed...somewhat excessive. You’d think he was some rampaging monster. “If anything should happen to them inside...” “Yes? What would you do?” “I’d go in to rescue them, even if I had to kill everyone living in the city.” The man’s eyes were deadly serious. He wasn’t even exaggerating; I could tell he meant every word literally. “There’s no reasoning with you when children are involved,” the elder murmured. “Come to think of it...you first earned our trust by rescuing some youngster from a vicious monster, didn’t you?” “True.” “Has it already been five years since then? Ah, how the time does fly...” Sighing, Rokkus shook his head wearily. I knew the man was currently on my side, but I found myself a little irritated anyway. He just gave off the same aura as an obnoxiously precocious junior high kid expressing his exasperation at the stupidity of adults. “In any case, Ruijerd—do you really think you can accomplish your goal by such violent means?” “Hm,” Ruijerd grunted, creasing his brow. His goal? This sounded important, so I decided to butt in. “Your goal? What’s that, Ruijerd?” “It’s very simple,” said Rokkus. “He wants to convince everyone that the Superd aren’t the wicked monsters they’re made out to be.” 43Goldenagato | mp4directs.com With effort, I managed to keep myself from blurting out, “Well, that’s not going to happen.” Systematic prejudice wasn’t the sort of thing a single person could overcome, no matter how hard they tried. Hell, a single kid can’t even stop their class from bullying someone, and hatred of the Superd had apparently spread across the entire world. I mean, even bold little Eris screamed at the sight of Ruijerd. Humanity and demonkind alike were positive that his race was evil; how were you going to convince them all otherwise? “Uhm, well...it’s true that the Superd attacked friends and enemies alike during the war, right?” I ventured tentatively. “Wait! That wasn’t—” “I know rumors can get out of control, but it does seem like there’s a good reason everyone’s afraid of—“ “No! That isn’t true!” Ruijerd shouted, suddenly grabbing me by the front of my shirt; his eyes were burning with anger. I felt myself trembling. Oh crap... “We were victims of Laplace’s plot! The Superd are no race of monstrous beasts!” Wh-what the heck? Stop yelling at me, man. You’re freaking me out. Crap, I can’t stop trembling. What’s this about a plot anyway? Is this guy conspiracy theorist or what? And this Laplace guy lived, like, 500 years ago, right? “U-uh, what did this Laplace do exactly?” “He repaid our loyalty with betrayal!” Ruijerd’s grip on my shirt began weakening. I reached up and tapped his arms a few times, silently asking him to release me; he complied immediately. Still, I could see his hands shaking with fury. “That man... That cursed man!” “Would you mind telling me the whole story, Ruijerd?” “It’s a long tale.” “Well, I’ve got plenty of time.” The story Ruijerd proceeded to tell me described a hidden side of this 44Goldenagato | mp4directs.com world’s history. *** The Demon-God Laplace was known as a hero who united the demonic races, winning them the rights humankind had long denied them. The Superd had rallied to Laplace’s banner very early in his campaign. They possessed outstanding agility and a capacity to sense the presence of their foes. In addition, their strength in battle was second to none. They served as one of Laplace’s personal forces, specializing in ambushes and nighttime raids. Thanks to the “third eye” on their forehead, they were always aware of their surroundings. It was impossible to take them by surprise or to avoid their deadly attacks. In other words, they were an elite group. At the time, the word “Superd” was spoken in tones of respect and awe throughout the Demon Continent. But then came Laplace’s War. In the middle stages of the conflict, just as the demons were beginning their invasion of the Central Continent, Laplace called upon his warriors bearing a certain type of weapon—one that would later come to be known as the Devil Spears. He offered these spears to his soldiers as gifts. They closely resembled the tridents the Superd wielded in combat, but they were jet-black in color; even at first glance, there was clearly something ominous about them. Naturally, some among the warriors objected to their use, insisting that a Superd’s spear was their heart and soul—that they could never cast aside their weapons for some cursed thing. But this was a gift from Laplace, their master. In the end, Ruijerd—the group’s leader—ordered his soldiers to use their new spears, out of sheer loyalty to Laplace. “Hm? Did you just say Ruijerd?” “Yes. I was the leader of the Superd warriors at the time.” “...How old are you right now?” “I lost track after I reached 500.” 45Goldenagato | mp4directs.com “Uh, okay...”Had Roxy’s dictionary mentioned anything about the Superd being that long-lived? Well, whatever. In any case, the group stuck their old spears in the ground somewhere or other, and began to use the Devil Spears in battle. These new weapons were enormously powerful; they amplified their bearers’ physical capabilities several times over, nullified the effects of the humans’ magic, and heightened the Superds’ already sharp senses even further. The Superd were now nearly invincible. But in exchange, they were gradually transformed. The more blood their new spears tasted, the more corrupt their souls grew. The warriors didn’t even realize what was happening to them. They lost their sanity in increments, none more quickly than any other, and so, no one noticed how they, or those around them, were changing. In time, this led to tragedy. The Superd lost the ability to distinguish between their friends and their foes, and began to attack everyone they encountered indiscriminately— young and old. They showed no mercy to women or even children. They showed no mercy to anyone at all. Ruijerd still remembered those days with vivid clarity. Before long, demonkind at large came to call the Superd traitors to their cause, and word spread among the humans that they were “bloodthirsty devils.” At that time, Ruijerd and his companions smiled happily at these insults, taking them to be the highest praise. The Superd were surrounded by enemies, but their cursed spears made them a force to be reckoned with. Every warrior in their band now fought with the strength of a thousand men; no army could hope to destroy them. They quickly became the single most feared combat unit in the entire world. However, that didn’t mean they suffered no losses. Now a hated enemy of both humanity and demonkind, they were forced to endure near-constant battles, day and night. Slowly but steadily, their numbers began to decrease. Still, none of them questioned the path they were following. In their madness, the thought of death in battle brought them bliss. After some time, a rumor reached the Superd band that one of their 46Goldenagato | mp4directs.com villages was under attack—Ruijerd’s home village, in fact. It was a trap meant to lure them to their doom, but by this point, none of them were clearheaded enough to suspect anything. The warriors returned to their home for the first time in a while...and proceeded to attack it. It was simple. They’d found people, which meant they had to kill them. Ruijerd murdered his parents, his wife, his sisters, and finally his own child. Ruijerd’s son was still young, but he’d been training to become a warrior. It was far from an even fight, but in his final moments, the boy managed to break his father’s jet-black spear. In that instant, Ruijerd’s pleasant dream ended, and his nightmare began. There was something hard and crunchy in his mouth. Realizing that it was his son’s finger, he spat it out in horror. His first thought was of suicide, but he forced it from his mind. There was something he simply had to do before he could die—an enemy he had to destroy, no matter the cost. By this point, the Superds’ village was totally surrounded by a demon army sent to exterminate them. Only ten of Ruijerd’s soldiers remained. When they first received the Devil Spears, this had been a band of nearly 200 daring, valiant fighters. Now a bare handful survived, and they were all in rough shape. Some had lost an arm, others an eye or the jewel on their forehead; but even battered, bruised, and utterly outnumbered, they stared belligerently at the thousand-strong force surrounding them. They were all going to die. And they were going to die in vain. Ruijerd snatched the Devil Spears from his companions’ hands and broke them apart. One by one, the others came to their senses, and their aggressive glares gave way to expressions of shocked disbelief. Many began to weep uncontrollably, lamenting their murder of their families. Still, none asked to be returned to the oblivion of their trance; they were made of sterner stuff than that. Together they swore an oath to have their vengeance on Laplace. Not a single one blamed Ruijerd for what had transpired. These were no longer mindless killers, nor proud warriors; they were fallen, ruined creatures, with only revenge to live for. 47Goldenagato | mp4directs.com Ruijerd didn’t know what had become of the other ten, but he suspected they were dead. Without the power of the Devil Spears, the Superd were nothing more than unusually effective soldiers. They had no choice but to use whatever tridents they could find, rather than the familiar ones they had grown used to over years of battle. By all rights, none of them should have survived. Somehow, Ruijerd managed to break through the enemy’s encirclement and escape. But he was badly wounded in the battle, and spent the next three days and nights on the verge of death. The one and only thing he’d carried with him was his son’s trident— with which the dead boy had broken the Devil Spear and saved his father. In the end, after several years spent in hiding, Ruijerd did get his revenge. As the three heroes battled the Demon-God Laplace, he jumped in to assist them, managing to score a blow on his hated enemy. But of course, the defeat of Laplace wasn’t enough to undo all the damage he’d done. Despised and persecuted, the surviving Superd were driven from their villages and scattered across the world. To help them escape their pursuers, Ruijerd was forced to kill more of his former demon allies. In those first years after the war, the attacks on his people were truly brutal, and he fought back just as viciously. At this point, Ruijerd hadn’t met another Superd in nearly 300 years. He didn’t know if his kind had been wiped out entirely, or if they’d managed to survive and form a new village in some secret location. “Laplace was to blame for all of this, of course. But I, too, bear responsibility for the disgrace I brought upon my people. Even if I am the last of my kind, I want to tell the world the truth.” With his story told, Ruijerd fell silent once again. *** His words had been simple and blunt. He never appealed to our emotions. And yet, Ruijerd had conveyed his regret, anger, and bitterness perfectly. Either all of it was true, or the man was an astonishingly talented actor. 48Goldenagato | mp4directs.com “What an awful story,” I mumbled, trying to gather my thoughts. If we took Ruijerd at his word, the Superd weren’t some inherently bloodthirsty tribe. It wasn’t clear why Laplace had given them the Devil Spears, but maybe he’d been planning to use them as a scapegoat for any crimes committed by his armies once the fighting reached an end. What a vile thing to do. The Superd had clearly been deeply loyal to Laplace. They would’ve given their lives at his request. Betraying them so cruelly just seemed unnecessary. “All right. I’ll help you as much as I can.” A little voice inside me whispered an objection: Are you really in a position to be helping him? How about you focus on saving your own skin? This trip’s going to be way tougher than you think. It wasn’t enough to keep my mouth from moving. “I don’t have any real ideas, but maybe having a human child on your side will open up some new possibilities.” Of course, I wasn’t acting solely out of pity or compassion. We did stand to gain from this arrangement, in some respects. Ruijerd was a powerful fighter—in the same class as the three legendary heroes—and he was offering us his protection. At least with him around, we wouldn’t get killed by some random monster on the way to our next destination. His presence would make things easier on the road, and more difficult when we reached a city. So long as we found some way to work around the city issue, he’d make an excellent ally. Not only was he strong, it was impossible to ambush or sneak up on him, even at night; that would make it much easier for us to avoid thugs or pickpockets in unfamiliar towns. Also...though this was just intuition on my part, I got the sense the man was basically incapable of telling a lie. It felt safe to trust him. “I’ll do what I can for you, Ruijerd,” I said. “That’s a promise.” “Uh...thank you,” he replied, looking more than a little surprised. Maybe he’d noticed the suspicion in my eyes fading away? Well, whatever. I decided to trust you, all right? I fell for it, hook, line, and sinker. 49Goldenagato | mp4directs.com In my previous life, I used to laugh off sob stories all the time...but for some reason, this one really hit home for me. If the man was tricking me somehow, so be it. I felt like being stupidly trusting for once. “But my boy, the Superd truly are—” “It’s all right, Rokkus. I’ll figure something out.” Ruijerd would protect us on the road, and I’d protect him in the cities. This would be a give- and-take relationship. “Let’s set out tomorrow, Ruijerd. Glad to have you with us.” There was only one thing about this arrangement that made me feel a little anxious... Namely, it felt like I was doing exactly what the Man-God wanted. 50Goldenagato | mp4directs.com Chapter 5: Three Days to the Nearest Town The next morning, as the three of us were leaving the village, I spotted Rowin standing at his post by the gate. “Good morning. Are you on guard duty again?” “Yes. I’ll be out here until the hunting party returns.” The other men of the village still hadn’t shown up since yesterday. Had Rowin been out here all night, like some NPC guard from an RPG? That always seemed like a pretty simple job...just standing in the same place all day, never moving an inch. Still, was he seriously going to be handling this all alone until the others got back? Oh, I guess there’s Elder Rokkus. In a village this small, he probably has to pitch in too. “Are you leaving already?” Rowin asked. “Yes. We managed to talk things through last night.” “Ah. I was hoping to ask you more about my daughter, but...” “Ordinarily I’d love to talk, but I’m afraid we need to get on the road soon.” “Right...” The man was clearly disappointed. The feeling was mutual. I would’ve loved to hear some embarrassing stories from Roxy’s childhood. “If I see her again, I’ll make sure to tell her to get in touch with you.” “Please do,” Rowin said, bowing his head in gratitude. I’d have to make a mental note about this. “Oh, that reminds me! Wait just a minute.” He ran into the village and into one of the houses—presumably Roxy’s childhood home. After several minutes, he emerged with a girl who bore a striking resemblance to my master. At first I wasn’t sure why he hadn’t just used telepathy to call her outside, but then I noticed that he was also carrying some sort of sword. Were they giving us a present? 51Goldenagato | mp4directs.com “This is my wife.” “Nice to meet you. My name is Rokari.” Ah. So this was the mom of the family then? “I’m Rudeus Greyrat, ma’am. I have to say, I didn’t expect Roxy’s mother to be so young.” I found myself bowing slightly. I owed these two a great deal, in a sense: they raised Roxy, and without her, I probably wouldn’t have set out into the world the way I did. “Oh my, what a flatterer. I’m 102 years old, you know?” “Uhm, well...that’s still young in my book.” Apparently, the Migurd reached physical maturity by age ten or so, and didn’t visibly age until they hit 150. “I owe Master Roxy a great deal, ma’am.” “Master...? Goodness, it’s hard to imagine that girl teaching anyone much of anything. She must have changed a great deal....” “She taught me all sorts of things. I’m very grateful to her.” At this, Rokari blushed a bit and murmured, “Goodness.” Seemed like she’d gotten the wrong idea somehow. “In any case,” Rowin said, “I’m glad you showed up when I happened to be on duty.” “Yes. I’m very glad to have met you both as well. Roxy did so much for me, really... Hmm. Maybe I should call you Dad?” “Hahaha... No. Don’t.” Ouch. The man didn’t even crack a smile. His poker face reminded me a bit of Roxy’s. Made me a little nostalgic. “All jokes aside, I do want you to have this,” Rowin said, holding out the sword. “I know Ruijerd’s with you, but you’ll sleep better if you have a weapon of your own.” “I’m not exactly unarmed really,” I said, accepting the sword and drawing it from its sheath. The blade was wide, single-edged, and only about sixty centimeters long. It was also slightly curved, like a machete or a cutlass. A few dings suggested that it had been in use for many years, but the cutting edge itself wasn’t chipped at all. It sure looked like they’d taken good care of this thing; 52Goldenagato | mp4directs.com it was clean, beautiful even. But there was also something oddly threatening about it. Maybe it was the way the dull grey steel glowed faintly green when it caught the light. “We got this from a blacksmith who wandered into the village quite some time ago. It’s a sturdy thing. Even after years of usage, the blade’s still perfect. It’s yours if you want it.” “Thank you very much,” I said. “We’ll gladly take it.” This was no time to be modest. Right now, we needed all the help we could get. I could fight just fine as I was, but Eris could certainly use a weapon. She’d trained in the Sword God style after all; it’d probably make her feel less anxious to have a sword, even if she didn’t need to use it. “Here’s a bit of cash as well. It’s not much, but it should cover two or three nights in a decent inn at least.” Ooh, we got some pocket money! I opened the pouch in excitement and found that it contained some coins of rough stone and a few made of dull grey metal. From what I recalled, currency on the Demon Continent consisted of green ore coins, iron coins, scrap iron coins, and stone coins. Their value was lower than the equivalent currencies elsewhere in the world; even the green ore coins, which were the most valuable, were only worth an Asuran large copper or slightly less. The iron coins were pretty close to coppers. If we said one stone coin was worth one Japanese yen, the currencies would probably look something like this: Asuran gold coins: 100,000yen. Asuran silver coins: 10,000yen. Asuran large coppers: 1,000yen. Asuran coppers: 100yen. Green ore coins: 1,000yen. Iron coins: 100yen. Scrap iron coins: 10 yen. Stone coins: 1 yen. 53Goldenagato | mp4directs.com At a glance, those numbers should make it clear just how powerful and prosperous a kingdom Asura was, especially in comparison to the poverty of the Demon Continent. Of course, the Demon Continent had its own economy, so prices weren’t always comparable. It wasn’t like everyone here was starving. “...Thank you very much.” “I only wish we could have talked about Roxy a little longer,” Rokari murmured, echoing Rowin’s earlier words. They certainly seemed to be worried about their daughter. Even if the girl was forty-four by now, in human years that was basically...twenty or so. It was understandable enough. “I guess we could stay another day, if you like...” Rowin shook his head. “Don’t worry. We know she’s all right now, and that’s what matters. Right, dear?” “Yes. She always had a tough time here, I’m afraid. We were rather worried.” I could see how it’d be tough living in a little place like this without that telepathic power everyone else seemed to have. In general, you didn’t really hear the sounds of conversation in this village. Everyone was probably communicating silently using their minds. Roxy couldn’t participate in those conversations, or even overhear what others were saying to each other. It was small wonder that she ran away from home. “Well, all right then. I hope we meet again someday.” “Sure. But if we do, try not to call me Dad, all right?” “Hahaha. R-right, sure.” I get the message, man... It was hard to know when or if I’d see Roxy again, but at the very least, I’d have to repay them for the money someday. *** 54Goldenagato | mp4directs.com Evidently, the closest town was a three-day journey on foot. Not long after we set out, it became clear how crucial an asset Ruijerd really was. The man had been traveling the area on his own for many years now; he knew all the roads, and he knew exactly how to set up a proper camp. Not to mention his biological “radar,” which alerted us to incoming threats well in advance. It was ridiculously convenient to have him around. “Ruijerd, would you mind teaching us about the things you’re doing?” “Why?” “So we can make ourselves useful.” Given the long journey ahead, Eris and I were both in need of a crash course in basic camping skills. Fortunately, Ruijerd proved a willing enough teacher. “Let’s start with making a fire. Unfortunately, the Demon Continent doesn’t have any wood suitable for the purpose.” Hm. Our first meeting had been around a campfire, so there was obviously some other way, but... “Is there something else you use instead?” I asked. “Yes. We burn parts of a certain monster.” “Ah.” That should have been my first guess honestly. Out here, almost everything you needed to survive seemed to come from hunting monsters. “Fortunately, there’s one close nearby. Wait here for a moment, boy.” “Wait, Ruijerd!” The man was already turning away, but I managed grab his shoulder before he could run off. “What is it?” “Were you going to fight it by yourself?” “Of course. Hunting is warriors’ work. The children stay behind.” Okay. So he was apparently planning to keep doing things this way forever. To be fair, the man had been alive for more than 500 years...we weren’t even old enough to be his great-great-grandchildren. And he was probably more than strong enough to handle all the fighting by himself. Still, there was always a chance something could go wrong. If Ruijerd 55Goldenagato | mp4directs.com died or somehow ended up unable to fight, Eris and I would be forced to fend for ourselves. And right now, we had no real-world combat experience to speak of. What was going to happen if we lost him while our party was traveling through a deep, dangerous forest...or in the middle of a battle with a fierce group of monsters? I didn’t like our odds of surviving in a situation like that. We needed to get some experience now, while we had the chance. It’d be nice if I could convince Ruijerd to teach us how to fight, but... No. That wasn’t the right way to think about this. This was a give-and- take relationship; we were partners on equal footing, working together to achieve our goals. All three of us needed to figure out how to fight as a party. “Okay, but we’re not just children.” “Yes you are.” “Uh...look, Ruijerd.” I had to be firm and clear about this. The man was still under the impression that he was our guardian; he needed to understand that wasn’t the case. “We’re helping you, and you’re helping us. Our goals are different, but we’re going to fight together... So all three of us are warriors, right?” With the sternest expression I could muster, I met Ruijerd’s gaze directly and waited for a reply. It only took ten or fifteen seconds for him to make a decision. “...Very well. You’re warriors then.” I can’t say the man sounded particularly convinced, but at least he was going to let us tag along from now on. That was the important thing. “Hear that, Eris? You’re going to fight, too, aren’t you?” Eris blinked with surprise, but managed to stammer out an “O-of course!” and vigorously nodded her head. Good girl. “All right then, Ruijerd,” I said, returning to my usual demeanor. “Can you lead us to this monster, please?” There was no point acting all aggressive anymore. You had to be forceful when you were negotiating, that was all. *** 56Goldenagato | mp4directs.com The first enemy we faced as a group was a monster known as a “Stone Treant.” Treant, in general, was a term for tree-like monsters. These were typically ordinary plants that had sucked up too much magical energy and mutated into violent creatures. There were a considerable variety of specific monsters that fell into this broad category. First, you had the Lesser Treant, found all over the world. These were mutated saplings that tended to imitate ordinary trees until a target wandered into striking distance. They were weak and slow enough that an average adult with no real training could chop one apart without too much difficulty. However, if a Lesser Treant happened to absorb enough nutrients from one of the Fairy Fountains located throughout the Great Forest, it would eventually mature into an Elder Treant. The highly concentrated magical power of the Fountains granted these monsters the ability to use various water spells. There were also Old Treants, which were already massive before they mutated, and Zombie Treants, trees that transformed after they withered... among many others. Of course there were distinct differences between all these varieties, but their basic patterns of behavior were very similar. They pretended to be normal trees and attacked anyone who came too close. After some time, they produced seeds that grew into more of their kind. The Stone Treant was something of a special case, though. It actually disguised itself as a rock. You might be wondering how a tree could pull off that bit of camouflage. The answer was simple actually: Stone Treants had mutated into monsters back when they were still seeds. They could stay in their seed form even as they grew enormous, and were capable of abruptly transforming into tree-monsters whenever someone got too close. In their normal form, they were completely inconspicuous. They didn’t have a distinctive shape like a sunflower seed—at a glance, they really did look like lumpy, vaguely potato-shaped boulders. “Is there anything we should keep in mind while we’re fighting this 57Goldenagato | mp4directs.com thing?” “Hm. You’re a magician, yes?” “That’s right.” “Don’t use any fire spells then.” “Oh. Would they not work on it?” “We can’t use the thing for firewood if you burn it to a crisp.” “Ah, right. Of course.” “No water magic, either.” “Because we don’t want the wood getting damp?” “Exactly.” Okay then. As far as Ruijerd was concerned, this thing was clearly less of a threat and more of a living piece of lumber. That meant it posed no real danger to us so long as we were with him. We could fight it without much actual risk. “All right then. Let’s try having Eris and me fight for now. Ruijerd, you just step in to help out Eris if she’s in danger, okay?” “Is there a point to keeping me in reserve?” “I just want to see how well Eris and I can handle ourselves in a real battle. After this one, we’ll watch you in action and see what we can learn.” “Very well.” With that settled, I put us in a simple battle formation—Eris up in front, and me all the way in the rear. It seemed like the best choice, given her sword fighting skills. I was a little hesitant to put my adorable little pupil on the frontlines, of course, but she wasn’t going to be much use held back in the middle of a formation. That sort of position was all about supporting your frontliners, and Eris was terrible at that sort of teamwork. Also, Ruijerd probably wouldn’t need much in the way of backup anyway. We’d be best off letting Eris fight freely, with Ruijerd and myself following up to support her. “Okay, Eris. I’m going to soften it up with one good hard shot from a distance. After that, you move in and finish it off. I’ll try to at least call out 58Goldenagato | mp4directs.com the names of the spells I’m using, but if things get hectic I might not have the time. Just keep that in mind, okay?” Eris nodded energetically, giving her new sword a few experimental swings. “No problem!” The girl was clearly raring to go. I lifted my staff and paused to think things over. Fire and water spells were out, and just looking at the thing, wind didn’t seem like it would be too effective. That left me with earth. Earth was fine by me. I’d gotten pretty good with it after all those figures I’d made. Still, this was the first time I was fighting an actual monster. Better give this my all. Closing my eyes, I drew a single, deep breath, then channeled my magical energy to and through my hands. It was something I’d done tens of thousands of times by now; at this point, I could have cast spells with both my legs cut off. “All right...” Projectile: Bullet-shaped rock. Toughness: As hard as possible. Shape: Snub-nosed, with multiple grooves. Modifications: High-speed rotation. Size: Slightly larger than a man’s fist. Velocity: As fast as possible. “Stone Cannon!” As the words left my mouth, a rock shot from the end of my staff with a ferocious bang. It zipped forward in a nearly perfect horizontal line, and smashed into the camouflaged Stone Treant that lay in wait ahead of us. With an ear-splitting sound, the monster blew apart into tiny pieces. I’d killed it extremely dead. 59Goldenagato | mp4directs.com 60Goldenagato | mp4directs.com Eris had already started running forward, but after my attack landed, she stopped in her tracks and turned to glare sulkily in my direction. “What happened to softening it up, Rudeus?! Am I supposed to chop up the corpse?!” “S-sorry. I’ve never done this before either, you know? I guess I used too much force...” “Ugh! Get it together!” Eris wasn’t exactly pleased that I’d ruined her first real battle, but I seriously hadn’t expected to kill the poor thing quite that easily. All I’d really done was tweak the standard Stone Cannon spell by making the projectile a bit more like a hollow-point bullet. People back home on Earth sure came up with some nasty stuff... At this point, I noticed that Ruijerd was gazing at me as well. Or at my staff, to be more precise. “Is that weapon some sort of magical implement?” “No, it’s just a staff. A very high-quality one, though.” “But you didn’t recite an incantation or use a magic circle...” “Right. It isn’t possible to change the shape of the projectile if you use the incantation, so I just skip that part.” “...I see.” At this point, Ruijerd fell into a thoughtful silence. The man may have been around for more than 500 years, but it seemed like silent spellcasting wasn’t something he’d seen too many times before. “In any case...is that your magic at its most powerful?” “Well, no. I could also make that projectile explode when it hit the target.” “Hmm. I think it might be best to refrain from using your spells when the enemy’s close to your allies, Rudeus.” “Uh, yeah. Good point.” This was the first time I’d actually hit something with that spell, but it was definitely...more destructive than I’d expected. Even grazing someone with it might kill them instantly. Ideally I would’ve switched over to some 61Goldenagato | mp4directs.com support-type spell, but nothing really came to mind. Up till now, I’d only really thought about fighting on my own. How did other magicians approach their role in combat anyway? “Ruijerd, if I wanted to support you two with my magic, what sort of things should I be doing?” “I don’t know. I’ve never fought alongside a spellcaster before.” Well, whatever. We had a seasoned Superd warrior on our side. We didn’t need to imitate the way normal parties did things. I could think about getting us coordinated later; for now it was more important that Eris and I got some real combat experience. “Okay... I hate to impose, but would you mind finding us another enemy?” “Very well. There’s something we need to do first, however.” “Oh? What’s that?” Maybe this was the part where we said a little prayer for the creature we’d slain? “We have to gather the wood. You scattered it all over the place.” Using wind magic, I proceeded to gather up the shattered pieces of the Treant. *** Our party kept moving until the sun set, fighting a total of four battles. We faced another Stone Treant, a Great Tortoise, an Acid Wolf, and a group of Pax Coyotes. Ruijerd brought down the Great Tortoise with a single attack. He just ran right up to the thing and jabbed his trident up through its skull. His movements were beautifully fluid and efficient. The man had been in the solo monster-hunting business for 500years, and it really showed. I felt a little stupid for having gotten smug over blowing up a single Stone Treant. Acid Wolves were large canines that could spit some kind of caustic fluid from their mouths. We only ran into one, so Eris took it down, stepping forward sharply to send its head flying with a single slash. Compared to 62Goldenagato | mp4directs.com Ruijerd, it wasn’t exactly elegant, but it was still an instant victory. Unfortunately, the wolf’s blood sprayed all over Eris, so she wasn’t in any mood to celebrate. I was concerned that its blood might be dangerous as well, but apparently that wasn’t the case. She’d done well enough, given that it was her first real battle. According to Ruijerd at least. On that note, I took out the second Stone Treant in one shot. I was hoping to deal some moderate damage so Eris could get more practice in, but it proved surprisingly tough to make my spell less lethal. Until I got the hang of moderating its power, I’d have to avoid using it on people. Even if I needed to kill someone, there was no need to make it gruesome. The Pax Coyotes were our final encounter of the day, and the most challenging. These monsters tended to come by the dozens. They weren’t exactly “pack animals,” though—a single coyote formed its own group by reproducing through division, almost like an amoeba. Thankfully, it wasn’t like new ones would constantly pop out in the middle of battle. They could only reproduce once every few months or so. Even so, any given group would steadily swell in size over time, with all the new coyotes under the complete control of their leader. If that leader happened to fall in battle, a different coyote would instantly assume its position. Their strength was mostly in their sheer numbers, but their perfect coordination and discipline made them genuinely dangerous. The group we fought numbered about twenty. They probably could’ve killed any run-of-the-mill adventurer, but Eris faced the challenge cheerfully, swinging her new sword to and fro as Ruijerd offered a steady stream of advice. The girl had never put her life on the line in battle before today, but she didn’t look particularly tense. All that practicing with Ghislaine had clearly imbued her with quite a bit of confidence, and it seemed like the act of killing didn’t bother her much. For my part, I just hung back and watched as Eris cut down one coyote after another. I’d been planning to step in and help if necessary, but Ruijerd was playing his supporting role so flawlessly that it might have been counterproductive. Still, doing nothing was pretty boring, and I started to feel a little left out after a while. Coming up with some way for us to fight as a group definitely needed to be my top priority. In any case...Eris really was a remarkable fighter. She’d reached the 63Goldenagato | mp4directs.com Advanced level in the Sword God style just before my birthday, right? At this point, I probably didn’t stand a chance against her unless I was using magic. Heck, even Paul was only an Advanced level swordsman...although he’d reached that rank in all three styles, and had much more real-life combat experience. Still, Ghislaine said Eris had more raw talent than Paul ever did. She’d probably leave him in the dust in no time. Eat it, old man. “Rudeus! Over here!” At some point, they’d finished off the last of the monsters; Ruijerd was taking out his knives as I approached. “Pax Coyote pelts are valuable. We were fortunate to find such a large group. Help me skin them.” But I had something else to attend to first. “Hold on just a second.” Walking over to Eris, I found her panting for breath...and wounded in three distinct places. Less than thirty minutes had passed since the battle began, but with Ruijerd devoting himself to his backup role, it had fallen to her to actually kill the vast majority of the monsters. Of course she’d be exhausted. Couldn’t hurt to get those injuries dealt with now at least... “Let this divine power be as satisfying nourishment, giving one who has lost their strength the strength to rise again—Healing.” “Thanks.” “Are you all right, Eris?” “Hah! Of course! I barely even broke a—mgh.” That smug grin of hers looked a little gruesome with monster blood all over her face, so I wiped some of it off with my sleeve. The experience hadn’t shaken her in the slightest. That was...pretty impressive. Personally, I was about ready to puke just from the smell. “Hmm. No sweat, huh? That was your first real battle ever, you know.” “So what? I know how to fight. Ghislaine taught me everything.” Right, right. Practice like you play, and play like you practice. Eris always absorbed every word of Ghislaine’s lessons. Maybe it wouldn’t be that surprising if she could apply everything she’d learned in actual battle. 64Goldenagato | mp4directs.com I mean, if you focused on fighting just like you’d been taught, what difference did it make if your enemies actually bled? “Good grief...” With a wry smile, I turned away and headed back over to Ruijerd, who’d been watching us the whole time. “Why did you have Eris do all the fighting, Rudeus?” “I won’t always be there to protect her. I want to make sure she can fend for herself when things get ugly.” “Ah, I see.” “On that note...what do you think of her so far?” Ruijerd nodded thoughtfully before he spoke. “If she applies herself, she’ll be a master swordswoman some day.” “Really?! All right!” Eris literally jumped into the air, her face shining with joy. It had to feel pretty good hearing something like that from a legendary warrior. I didn’t mind hearing that either; if Ruijerd recognized Eris’s talents as a warrior, we stood a much better chance of finding some way to work as an actual team. “Okay then, Ruijerd. From now on, let’s have Eris fight in the front while I hang back in the rear.” “And what should I be doing?” “You don’t have a defined position, so move around freely and cover our blind spots. Oh, and if either of us get ourselves in danger, take charge and tell us what to do.” “Understood.” For the moment, we had our basic combat formation worked out. Hopefully it would allow Eris and myself to get some more combat experience under our belts over the next couple of days. *** Next up came camping practice. 65Goldenagato | mp4directs.com For dinner, we had Great Tortoise meat. There was far too much of it to eat in one sitting, so we started off by drying most of it out for later— under Ruijerd’s direction of course. To be blunt, the stuff was somewhat vile. Its scent was overpowering and it was painfully tough to boot. Apparently the normal approach was to soften it up in a simmering stew for hours, but Ruijerd opted for the quick and easy route of roasting it over a roaring fire. At least the fire itself wasn’t too hard to get going. Stone Treants evidently dried out very quickly after they died, so we didn’t need to leave our wood sitting in the sun or anything. No wonder Ruijerd saw those things as walking lumps of lumber. “...Guh.” Honestly, though, this meat is seriously vile. Who said this stuff was “delicious” anyway? Wait, that was totally you, Ruijerd. You’re so full of it! I mean...maybe if you covered up the smell with ginger, it might be sort of edible? Maybe? Man, do I ever want some beef right now. And rice... A memorable line from a certain manga floated through my mind: “Grilled meat is glorious. And it’s glorious because it’s tasty.” Truer words were never spoken. Meat that isn’t tasty isn’t glorious in the slightest. In retrospect, I’d eaten very well in the Kingdom of Asura. Bread may have been the staple food back there, but they usually complemented it with meat, fish, vegetables, and some sort of dessert, with all the variety of some three-star restaurant. And I’d spent most of my time there way out in the sticks; wasn’t a spoiled little princess like Eris going to have an even harder time adjusting? When I looked over, though, I found her gnawing away contentedly at her own chunk of meat. “Hey, this isn’t half bad.” Wait, seriously?! Well...maybe it made sense. When you give a kid who’s only eaten healthy stuff their first taste of junk food, they always go crazy for it, right? “What?” Eris said as I stared at her. “Uh, it’s nothing. You enjoying that?” 66Goldenagato | mp4directs.com “Yeah! I always...mngh...wanted to try something like this!” I knew Eris loved listening to Ghislaine’s stories of life as an adventurer. Maybe that had translated into fantasizing about eating tough, nasty meat around a campfire? Kind of a weird fantasy, but okay. “It’s even edible raw, you know,” Ruijerd commented. Eris’s eyes sparkled with curiosity, and a little chill ran down my spine. Fortunately, I managed to speak before she could open her mouth. “The answer’s no. Don’t even think about it.” For crying out loud. Do you want worms? Because that’s how you get worms. *** Ruijerd was giving Eris a lesson on basic weapon upkeep before we turned in for the night. For lack of anything better to do, I listened in. Ruijerd’s spear wasn’t made of metal, and Eris’s sword was forged from special materials in a very specific way. Apparently neither of them needed to worry about ordinary rusting. But that didn’t mean they could skip their daily maintenance. Leaving dried blood on a sword or spear would gradually dull their edges and attract other monsters. From Ruijerd’s perspective, it was also your fundamental responsibility as a warrior to take good care of your weapon. “Come to think of it, what’s that spear made of anyway?” I asked, suddenly curious. Judging from the one Ruijerd carried, the Superd tridents were pure white, totally unornamented, and on the short side for a spear. From the looks of it, the whole thing was made of a single substance; I couldn’t see any seam between the shaft and head. “It’s made of me.” “...Say what?” “The spear of a Superd is made out of their soul.” Damn. I hadn’t been expecting such a...philosophical answer. Okay, sure. Right. So your spear is, uh, your soul. And your soul is 67Goldenagato | mp4directs.com your way of life, right? Your way of life is whatever lies in your heart...and your heart is just what you love. So basically, you love your spear passionately...or something? Luckily, Ruijerd elaborated before I could get myself too tied up in knots. “Every one of us is born with their own spear, you see.” The Superd were born with a three-pointed tail. It grew with them until they reached a certain age, at which point it would stiffen up and fall off. Yet even when separated, it was still somehow part of their body; the more they used it, the sharper and more deadly it would grow. With enough time and effort, these tridents could become peerless weapons, virtually unbreakable and capable of piercing through pretty much anything. “...And that’s why we mustn’t cast aside our spears until the day we die.” Ruijerd’s face was full of bitter regret at the mistake he’d made four centuries ago. By this point, his spear was probably harder and sharper than any other Superd’s in the world. I was definitely glad we had him on our side. Still, his outlook on the world...worried me sometimes. The man was as rigid as his weapon. If you can’t bend a little sometimes, you’ll never learn to accept other people as they are. And that means they’ll never accept you either. There’s such a thing as being too principled, you know? In any case...after three days of fighting monsters and camping under the stars, our little party managed to reach the nearest town. 68Goldenagato | mp4directs.com Chapter 6: Infiltration and Impersonation The city of Rikarisu is one of the three largest settlements on the Demon Continent. At the time of the Great Human-Demon War, it served as a home base for the forces of the Demon Empress Kishirika Kishirisu. Even now, it is sometimes referred to as Old Kishirisu Castle. The first surprise it has in store for first-time visitors is its unusual location. Rikarisu sits in the middle of an enormous crater, the rim of which forms a single continuous wall around the city. In times of war, these natural defenses helped the city to ward off many enemy sieges—and today, they still serve to protect the city against marauding monsters. At the very heart of the city stand the ruins of Castle Kishirisu, half- destroyed during the events of the Laplace War. Imposingly thick outer walls surround the broken black-and-gold castle itself, a sight that offers visitors a constant reminder of the Empress’s faded glory and demonkind’s violent, painful past. Rikarisu is a storied city. A place rich with history. And when the sun sets, visitors will come to appreciate its true beauty. —Excerpt from Wandering the World by the adventurer Bloody Kant Those words were the sum total of what I knew about the city of Rikarisu, which we’d now arrived at. There were only three entrances to the city, all of which were cracks in the rim of the crater. The walls of the crater were surprisingly tall. Unless you could fly, it’d be difficult to make your way over them. A pair of armed guards were stationed outside each of the entrances. They evidently took their security seriously here. I shot a thoughtful look over at Ruijerd. “What is it, Rudeus?” 69Goldenagato | mp4directs.com “Ruijerd...we can get into this city, right?” “I’ve never set foot in it myself. They always chase me off.” Humankind feared and loathed the Superd on an almost primal level. That much had been obvious just from Eris’s initial reaction. I’d been hoping it might be a little different with other demons, but...based on what I’d heard back in the Migurd village, that was probably just wishful thinking. “Just curious, but what does chasing you off usually involve?” “The guards start shouting at me when I approach. Before long, large numbers of armed adventurers come running out.” Okay, so we probably weren’t going to get a chance to explain ourselves. The guards would probably just scream, “Halt,” then call for backup...at which point we’d be crushed under a massive wave of burly men. “In that case, I guess we’d better go with some sort of a disguise.” Ruijerd shot me a sharp look. “A disguise?” Hm. Was that going to be an issue? “Look, hear me out. For the moment, our top priority is just getting inside, right?” “I’m not objecting. I just don’t know what you mean by a...disguise.” “Huh?” Wow. Apparently he wasn’t even familiar with the concept. Then again, I guess he could have gotten into the city easily enough otherwise. “A disguise is just...a way to alter your appearance and hide your real identity.” “I see... And how would we go about doing this?” “Hmm, good question. Why don’t we just hide your face for now?” I squatted, put my hands to the ground, and began channeling my magical power into it. *** “Halt!” There were two soldiers guarding the gate we approached. One was a 70Goldenagato | mp4directs.com stern-looking man with the head of a snake; the other a cocky-looking guy with the head of a pig. “Who are you people?! What business d’you have here?!” shouted Snake-Face, one hand already on the sword at his hip. Pig-Head, on the other hand, was busy silently leering at Eris. Damn dirty animal... You better not do anything funny, or else! As we’d decided beforehand, I stepped forward to do the talking. “Hi there. We’re a group of travelers.” “You adventurers or what?” “Y—uh, no. Just ordinary travelers.” I’d very nearly answered “yes,” but we didn’t have anything to back up a claim like that. Then again, Eris and I were obviously pretty young, so we probably could have passed as wannabe adventurers trying to get started... “Who’s that man you’ve got with you? Looks like a suspicious character.” Ruijerd was currently wearing a crude stone helmet that I’d whipped up only a few minutes before. It completely hid his face. We’d also wrapped the head of his spear in cloth; at a glance, you might have taken it for some sort of staff. He definitely looked suspicious, but at least they couldn’t tell he was a Superd. “That’s my older brother. He tried on some helmet an adventurer gave him, and then realized he couldn’t take it off. We thought there might be someone in the city who could help...” “Hahaha! What a moron! Ah, all right then. Go talk to the old lady in the supplies shop, she’ll figure somethin’ out.” Chortling loudly, Snake-Face stepped back and took his hand off his hilt. Well, that went better than expected. Back in Japan, I’m pretty sure the cops would have taken a stranger in a full-face helmet back to the station for a few questions, but we’d gotten off awfully easy. Maybe it was because Ruijerd had a pair of kids with him...or maybe it just wasn’t that unusual to see people wandering around the city with headgear on. “Incidentally, where would we go if we needed to earn some money?” 71Goldenagato | mp4directs.com “Huh? Ya lookin’ for a job or something?” “Well, we have to stay here until we can get this helmet off my brother. And if they charge a fee, we’d have to scrape together the cash to cover that.” Snake-Face nodded, muttering, “Yeah, guess I wouldn’t put it past that old bag.” Apparently the supplies shop lady here drove a bit of a hard bargain. Good thing it wasn’t really our problem. “You’d probably want the Adventurers’ Guild, kid. Dunno where else a bunch of broke out-of-towners like yourselves could earn their keep.” “Okay then. Is that...” “The guild’s right down this street here. Big building. Ya won’t miss it.” “Thank you very much.” “Once you’re registered there, you’ll get a slightly better rate at the inns. Can’t hurt to get your names down in the book at least.” With a polite little nod to the guard, I began moving toward the gate... only to pause at the last moment. “By the way...is there a reason the city’s being guarded so heavily at the moment?” “Oh. Yeah. Someone said they saw that monster Dead End in the area, so we’re kinda on high alert right now.” “Wait, seriously?! Talk about scary...” “Yeah, no kiddin’. Let’s hope he just wanders off somewhere soon, huh?” Dead End, huh? Judging from the name...if you run into him, I guess your life’s as good as over? Must be one terrifying monster. *** The buildings weren’t quite as tall in Rikarisu as they were back in Roa, but it felt like there were just as many of them. The two cities seemed to have pretty similar layouts. Most of the facilities near the entrance were stables and inns that clearly catered to traveling merchants. 72Goldenagato | mp4directs.com “Hmm. The Adventurers’ Guild, huh...?” Based on everything I’d heard, the adventurers of this world were essentially glorified temp workers. People with certain skills registered with the “agency,” meaning the guild; by completing the jobs it had on offer, you could build a reputation for yourself. Ordinary people brought a variety of jobs directly to the guild, and it handed them out to any adventurers who were up to the task. “I’m not sure how much we’ll be able to earn there, but it might be a good idea to register. They’ll probably give us something we can use for identification at least. What do you think, Eris?” “Ooh! Yes, of course! Let’s be adventurers!” The girl’s eyes were actually shining with excitement. No surprise there, really...she’d always loved listening to Ghislaine’s tales of the glory days. “Are you already an adventurer or anything, Ruijerd?” “No. I’ve never set foot in a city large enough to have a guild before.” Ah, right. They probably didn’t bother setting up shop in every random little village. “Okay. I think that’s more convenient for us, anyway...” A plan of sorts was beginning to take shape inside my mind. We couldn’t expect Ruijerd to wear that big, heavy lump of a helmet forever. And if we kept his face hidden, he’d never get a chance to improve the reputation of his people. We could always try to accomplish something great right off the bat, then start spreading rumors that a Superd warrior was responsible...but as rookie adventurers, we’d probably be running errands inside the city for the moment. Solving little problems for ordinary people might actually be the better approach. After all, it was the last thing anyone would expect from a “bloodthirsty killer.” If we kept at it diligently enough, we might build up some trust from the people in this city at least. Ruijerd was basically a good-hearted guy. Stuff like finding lost children was right up his alley, and it might work better to change the public’s impression of his people than running off to slay some huge beast. I mean, saving a child worked wonders for him with the Migurd village, didn’t it? Based on that, we should probably focus on helping people rather than 73Goldenagato | mp4directs.com bloody monster hunts. We could just let his kindness speak for itself. That said...if we wanted to get him a reputation for helping people, the helmet was going to be an issue. I’d have a hard time trusting someone who hid his face personally. Maybe we could switch to something that only covered his hair and forehead? Nah, that probably wasn’t good enough. Social etiquette might be a little different in this world, but keeping your headgear on constantly sounded pretty rude to me. Still, scraping away anonymously at tiny jobs wasn’t going to get us anywhere. We had to make the whole city aware of Ruijerd’s presence, and we had to convince them it was a positive thing. “But how the heck do we do that...?” First and foremost, he needed to become recognizable. No matter how many good deeds he did, we’d never make progress if they were all attributed to some “unknown adventurer.” Maybe it really would be best to start off by slaying a big monster or two? Just to get people to remember his name... Strength counted for a great deal in this world. Bringing down a truly fearsome beast could potentially give our little group a slight boost in social standing. Of course, everyone already knew the Superd were incredibly powerful fighters, so there was also a chance it could backfire... No, wait. What if the city was in imminent danger or something? Like, some giant monster’s rampaging through the streets, everyone’s cowering in terror, and the Sexy Demon Hero Ruijerd jumps in to the rescue! With dramatic music blaring in the background! Ooh. That could totally work. The main stumbling block was the fact that we needed a rampaging monster to make this happen, but I’d heard a name that sounded promising just a minute ago. “Ruijerd, do you know what this Dead End thing is?” Assuming it’s some sort of powerful monster, we could find some way to lure it toward the city, then take it out just as everyone started to panic. Everyone loves a nice, clean “good triumphs over evil” story, right? Unfortunately, Ruijerd’s response proceeded to derail my train of thought completely. “It’s me.” 74Goldenagato | mp4directs.com “...Uhm, what?” Huh? Is he getting all philosophical on me again?! “Some people call me by that name, Rudeus.” Ah. Okay, so he meant it literally. That’s one lovely nickname he’s got there... It did make sense. Of course you’d freak out if you thought a legendary mass-murderer was wandering around outside your city. Honestly though...“Dead End” felt like a little much. Just how terrified were they of Ruijerd? Those guards out at the gate really needed to get their act together, in retrospect. They probably didn’t even think of the Superd as people. They’d been expecting a rampaging, vicious monster; it never even crossed their minds that Ruijerd might be clever enough to disguise himself. “Hmm. Now what...?” There was a potential upside here: that nickname of his seemed to be well-known. Maybe we could use that to our advantage somehow. “Ruijerd. They don’t have a bounty on your head or anything, do they?” “No. That won’t be an issue.” Really now? You promise? I’m gonna take your word on that, okay? All right then. Let’s readjust this plan a bit. *** Before heading to the Adventurers’ Guild, we spent some time wandering through the roadside stalls clustered around the entrance to the city. Shops like these tended to be pretty similar anywhere you went, but the specific items they had on offer could vary quite a bit. For example...where Roa’s stables were full of horses for sale or rent, on the Demon Continent they seemed to favor some type of giant lizard creature. They were apparently better suited to the steep, craggy terrain that characterized this part of the world. Also, they didn’t have an organized passenger carriage system here. You had to buy a ride from one of a number of independently-operating 75Goldenagato | mp4directs.com merchants. We had a very long journey ahead of us. There were all sorts of things I was dying to purchase. But I already knew what we were looking for on this particular trip. We’d just have to pick up the rest a little bit at a time. After a quick look to get a sense for the market prices of various items, I started hunting for an affordable stall that had the things we needed. We weren’t in a huge hurry or anything, but I didn’t want to waste hours and hours out here. All I wanted to buy was a hood and some dye... Oh, and ideally some sort of citrusy fruit. “Hey, pops. Aren’t you asking a bit much for this dye? Feels like a bit of a rip-off.” “Put a sock in it, kid. That’s the goin’ price right there.” “Really? You suuure?” “Of course I’m sure, dammit!” “They were selling something really similar over there for half the price, you know...” “You serious?!” “Well, I’m sure your stuff’s just higher-quality, right? Hmm, this hood’s kinda nice. Look, I’ll buy the dye and a couple of those lemony things over there, so why don’t you throw it in for free?” “Hah! What a little haggler! Fine, you win. Take it!” “Oh, and while we’re here...any interest in buying a few things from us? These are genuine Pax Coyote pelts, and we’ve got a few Acid Wolf fangs too.” “Damn, look at ’em all! Gimme just a moment here... Two, four, eight... All righty. How’s about three scrap iron coins for the bunch?” “Come on, they’re worth at least six.” “All right, all right. I’ll give you four.” “Okay then. Pleasure doing business with you.” It took a bit of doing, but I’d managed to wrap the whole thing up in a single transaction. Since I didn’t really know what prices for most things 76Goldenagato | mp4directs.com were like around here, I wasn’t entirely sure how much money I’d just spent. To be honest, I had a sneaking suspicion the guy had ripped me off. Oh well. In any case, this left us with one iron coin, four scrap iron coins,and ten stone coins. This money was a gift from Master Roxy’s parents. I’d have to spend it thoughtfully. With our shopping trip at an end, the three of us slipped into a quiet back alley. I was a little worried we might run into some stereotypical hoodlums...but then again, Ruijerd would take care of that for us, wouldn’t he? Might even be a chance to earn ourselves a little pocket money... “Hey, Ruijerd. If anyone tries to mug us, could you just beat them black and blue?” “Until they’re nearly dead, you mean?” “Uh, no. Just knock them around a little bit, thanks.” Sadly, nobody actually showed up to hassle us. But now that I thought about it, guys desperate enough to rob people probably wouldn’t have much cash on them in the first place. “Okay, Ruijerd. Let’s start off by dying your hair.” “Dying my hair...?” “Right. That’s what this stuff is for.” “I see... So you’re going to change its color? That’s a clever idea, to be sure.” He seemed genuinely impressed. I guess people didn’t really dye their hair in this world. Either that, or Ruijerd just wasn’t aware of the concept. He clearly didn’t spend much time in towns or cities. “However, wouldn’t it have been better to choose a color that’s less similar to my own?” I’d gone with a blue dye—a reasonably close approximation of the color of Migurd hair. “Nah. The Migurd village is only three days walk away from here, so there are probably a ton of people here who know about them. I figured we’d make you into one of them, Ruijerd.” “...What about the two of you?” “Oh, we’re just your lackeys. You helped us out and took us in at some point.” “Lackeys...? I thought you were warriors, on equal standing with 77Goldenagato | mp4directs.com myself.” “Well, yes, we are. I’m just talking about our cover story. Don’t worry, you don’t really have to remember all this... I’ll just be acting like your henchman when we’re around other people basically.” Our next step was going to be putting on something of a show. I took some time to explain the premise of our act to Ruijerd. From this point on, he was going to be a young Migurd man named “Royce” who’d recently begun impersonating the infamous Superd warrior Dead End. Royce had always yearned to inspire fear and awe in people. Not long ago, he’d happened across a pair of lost children in the wilderness—one who was capable of using magic, and another who proved to be talented with the sword. He’d saved their lives, and they’d idolized him ever since. “You idolize me?” “Uhm, I wouldn’t go quite that far personally.” “I see.” In any case, these two children were actually very powerful fighters for their age. Once he realized this, Royce hit on a clever idea: Why not assume the identity of the legendary warrior Ruijerd? It seemed like the easiest possible way to strike fear into the hearts of everyone he met. Royce had always been unusually tall for a Migurd after all. And his two young companions were very competent. If he just claimed their achievements as his own, he’d be famous in no time. “This man’s a lowlife. He had no right to use my name.” “Yeah, it’s all very despicable. But let’s say this phony Ruijerd starts to go around doing good deeds. What would people think?” “...I don’t know. What?” “That he’s obviously a fake, but also a good guy at heart.” We needed our act to be nicely comical and kind of incoherent. The key here was to get everyone thinking of the Ruijerd-imposter as a total fraud who also happened to be a weirdly decent person. “Hmm...” “Basically, if word starts going around that this fake Ruijerd is a nice 78Goldenagato | mp4directs.com guy, we’re on the right track. The rumor will get vaguer and vaguer over time, and eventually people will just start saying that ‘Ruijerd’ is a good guy.” “...That sounds wonderful, but will it really work that way?” “Oh, absolutely,” I answered in a tone of easy confidence. At the very least, this couldn’t really hurt. Everyone already thought Ruijerd was a vicious monster; his reputation wasn’t getting any worse. “I see. I had no idea such a simple plan could work...” “This won’t be simple, believe me. And there’s always a chance something will go very wrong.” As a general rule, any long-term plan goes awry at some point. The more detailed and complex it is, the further off-track you’ll eventually end up. Still, so long as we managed to get tons of rumors flying around about Ruijerd, there was a good chance his reputation would begin to reflect his good-hearted nature. “True. What do you propose we do if my deception is exposed?” “What do you mean? You don’t need to tell any lies, Ruijerd.” “...I don’t understand.” Ruijerd was playing the role of “a Migurd who called himself a Superd.” For the most part, he’d be doing good deeds and earning the public’s affection, just like he wanted. He wasn’t even going to lie about his name. The whole “Royce” thing was mostly just a fallback explanation I’d use if someone started suspecting Ruijerd really was who he claimed to be. The man himself would keep using his actual name. Ruijerd would openly admit he was a Superd named Ruijerd. Everyone else would just decide all on their own that he was actually a Migurd named Royce with delusions of grandeur. In other words, he didn’t have to say anything that wasn’t true. I’d be handling all the lying for him behind the scenes. I felt like he’d probably object to having me deceive people on his behalf, though, so I’d decided to keep quiet about that last part. “Everyone’s just going to assume you’re actually a Migurd, you see?” “Ah... Right. I’m the one pretending to be myself... But wait, I have to 79Goldenagato | mp4directs.com act like I’m Royce, as well...? This is giving me something of a headache, Rudeus. What exactly do I need to do?” “Don’t worry about it. Just be yourself.” Ruijerd looked more than a little reluctant. Whatever his other talents, the man probably wasn’t cut out to be an actor. “That said, make sure you don’t snap and kill anyone just for taunting you, okay?” “Hmm... Do you mean that I shouldn’t get into any fights?” “You can scrap if you need to, but pretend that you’re having a tough time. Take a few punches, start breathing heavily, that sort of thing. In the end, try to make it look like you just barely scraped out a win.” As the words left my mouth, it occurred to me that Ruijerd might not even be capable of putting on that kind of show, but— “You want me to go easy on them? What’s the point of that?” Apparently it wouldn’t be an issue. “We want people to think you’re too weak to be the real Ruijerd. And we want your opponent to think, ‘Hey, what if he’s the real deal, though? Wouldn’t that make me pretty awesome?’” “I don’t think I understand...” “It’s a way to convince people you’re a fake, while also making them feel good about themselves.” “But what does making them feel good accomplish?” “It’ll encourage them to spread rumors that the Superd are actually pushovers.” Ruijerd scowled. “The Superd are not pushovers.” “Believe me, I know. But your strength is part of what makes people so afraid of you. If they think you’re weak, it might help us resolve conflicts peacefully, like we just did at the gate.” That said, we didn’t want everyone thinking his people were totally powerless, either. That might end up encouraging more harassment of the surviving Superd villages...assuming there were still some out there 80Goldenagato | mp4directs.com somewhere. This was going to be a delicate balancing act. “Hm. Well, if you say so, Rudeus...” Okay then. I think that just about covers it for now. I didn’t feel the need to issue too many specific instructions at the moment. It would only increase our odds of screwing something up. “Anyway...I’ll give you all the support I can, Ruijerd. But the outcome’s ultimately going to depend on you, okay?” “Of course. My thanks, Rudeus.” With the initial explanations at an end, I proceeded to bleach Ruijerd’s hair using juice from the lemon-like fruits we’d bought a few minutes earlier. The results weren’t perfect, but his natural emerald green hair color did fade away for the most part. I went ahead and slathered on the blue dye. Hmm. Not the prettiest job I’ve ever seen. Still, at least it didn’t look particularly green anymore. Maybe he sort of looked like a Migurd? At a distance? If you totally ignored how tall he was? Well, he didn’t really look like a Superd, and that was the most important thing. An ambiguous disguise was probably what we wanted anyway. The ideal reaction would be something like...“This guy kinda looks like a Migurd, but not really. And he’s calling himself a Superd, but that doesn’t look right either... So what the hell?” “Also, I think you should be wearing this,” I said, taking off my pendant and placing it on Ruijerd. “This is...a Migurd amulet, isn’t it?” “Yes. My master gave it to me as a graduation present, and I’ve been wearing it ever since.” With this dangling around Ruijerd’s neck, everyone would at least assume he was somehow connected to the Migurd. “It must be precious to you then. I’ll make sure to return it to you safely.” “Yeah. You better.” “Of course.” 81Goldenagato | mp4directs.com “Fair warning, I might have to murder you if you lose it.” “Understood, Rudeus.” “Specifically, I’d block all of the city’s exits using earth magic, then fill this entire crater to the brim with magma.” “What? You’d kill all the people living here as well? There are children in this city, you know.” “Right. So if you want to keep them safe and sound, you’d better take good care of that amulet.” “Hrm... If you’re really that worried about this, perhaps you shouldn’t let me borrow it in the first place...” “Come on, Ruijerd. I’m only kidding around, obviously!” “...” Now then...the next step was to get Eris in the hood I’d bought earlier. That red hair of hers was very eye-catching, and we wanted everyone’s attention to stay focused on our leading man. “So Eris, I was thinking...” At this point, I unfolded the thing for the first time, and realized it had little kitty ear-bags...sort of like the cowls white mages wore in Final Fantasy III. Was this intended for a beast-person or something? Damn. I may have messed this up. Eris wasn’t especially picky about her clothing, but from what I remembered of the traditional Boreas family greeting, she absolutely hated cosplaying as a cat girl. “Uh...well, about this hood...” “Huh? Oh! Uhm, what about it?” “I was thinking...maybe you could wear it...” “Really?!” For some reason, the girl actually seemed overjoyed. Maybe she didn’t hate that pose itself as much as I thought she did...? She immediately pulled on the hood, smiling happily. “I’ll take good care of it!” Well, okay then. I didn’t really understand why, but that worked out! 82Goldenagato | mp4directs.com Excellent! Now then...it seemed we were ready to head over to the Adventurers’ Guild. This needed to be comical. Just had to keep that in mind. God I hope this goes smoothly... 83Goldenagato | mp4directs.com Chapter 7: The Adventurers’ Guild The Adventurers’ Guild was a gathering place for some of the toughest customers in the city. Some were physically powerful; others were skilled, veteran magicians. Some favored the sword. Others used axes, staves, or even their bare hands in battle. Some loudly boasted of their prowess, while others silently sneered at the braggarts. There were warriors clad in heavy armor, but also lightly dressed sorcerers. There were pig-like men and snake-women; men with insectoid wings and women with the legs of horses. All sorts of people from all sorts of races formed a single, teeming crowd. That was how things usually were in the guilds of the Demon Continent. The Rikarisu branch was certainly no exception. Suddenly, someone flung its huge swinging doors open with a bang. Many of those inside turned their eyes toward the entrance, curious. It wasn’t unusual for people to throw those doors open dramatically, but the reasons why they did so varied. Had some party just returned victorious? Perhaps a group of monsters were launching an attack and the guards at the gate had called for aid? Or was it just the wind playing tricks on everyone? Of course, there’d also been some talk that Dead End was wandering around this area recently, but surely— Before anyone could follow this line of thought to its conclusion, three people strode through the open door. The first in line was a boy with an oddly confident smirk on his face. He wore grimy but expensive-looking clothes and carried a staff wrapped in cloth. Despite his obvious youth, the battle-scarred crowd of grown-ups inside the guild didn’t appear to intimidate him in the slightest. Who the heck is this kid? many wondered. He seemed completely out of place here. Might he belong to some race of demons who looked younger than they really were? Following closely on this strange boy’s heels, as if to hide in his shadow, was another youngster. This one seemed to be a girl. Her face was 84Goldenagato | mp4directs.com mostly hidden by a hood, but her eyes glittered watchfully from within it. There was something about her bearing that suggested she knew how to use that sword at her hip. A few veterans inside the guild instantly pegged her for a skilled fighter. The last of the group to enter was a tall, imposing man with a red jewel on his forehead and a scar running diagonally across his face. These were the same distinguishing features as the infamous monster known as Dead End; some adventurers nearly cried out in alarm, only to notice at the last moment that this man’s hair was blue rather than green. It had to be someone else who bore a strong resemblance to the murderous Superd. Altogether, these three made a strange bunch. Strange...and unsettling. There wasn’t a single ordinary adventurer among the three of them. No one could begin to guess what they were even doing here. The trio came to a sudden halt, and the boy shouted at the watchful crowd: “Hey, c’mon! What’s with the slack-jawed stares, folks?! Don’t you know who this man right here is?!” Uh, no. Why the hell would we? thought everyone simultaneously. “This is the infamous Superd monster, Dead End Ruijerd himself! Don’t just stand there, idiots! Make with the screaming and running for your lives!” Come on, do you really think we’re gonna buy that? thought everyone in unison. Everyone knew the Superds’ hair was vivid green, not some dirty shade of blue. “Can you believe these country bumpkins, Boss? They don’t even know the face of terror when they see it! What a joke. All those rumors flying around, but we walked right in and no one even recognized you!” Okay, so apparently this kid is hellbent on claiming that his pal here is a vicious, bloodthirsty devil. The more they thought about it, the more hilarious his high-pitched little tirade seemed. The unsettling aura this little band had previously projected faded away almost instantly. The kid’s “Boss” had the red eye on his forehead, sure. And the scar across his face. They both looked pretty convincing even. But he’d gotten some really basic details completely wrong. 85Goldenagato | mp4directs.com “Snort...” At this point, some anonymous adventurer let out the first quiet laugh of the afternoon. “Hey, what’s your problem?!” shouted the boy fiercely, spinning in the direction of the sound. “Did I say something funny, punk?!” It was just too ridiculous. Stifled chuckles began spreading throughout the crowd. After a long moment, someone finally offered a reply. “Snort... Hehe. J-just a tip, kid...the Superd have green hair...” With that, an explosion of hilarity filled the guild’s lobby from one end to the other. *** Judging from the gales of laughter buffeting us from all sides, our act had gotten off to a decent start. At a glance, the Adventurers’ Guild seemed to be even more of a rough-and-tumble place than I’d expected. The crowd was incredibly diverse, although that was probably typical for any gathering place this deep inside the Demon Continent. I’d noticed a man with a horse’s head, a guy with the scythe-like arms of a praying mantis, a woman with butterfly wings, and a girl who was all snake from the waist down. They were mostly human in appearance, but there was always at least one strikingly unusual feature to be found. Even the people without animal body parts weren’t exactly regular human beings. I saw people with spiky thorns growing out of their shoulders, and others with totally blue skin; there were even a few with four arms or two heads. Based on what I was seeing, the Migurd and Superd were probably some of the more humanoid demons, in terms of appearance. “S-stupid jerks! Don’t you dare laugh at our boss! He took down a whole bunch of monsters that were attacking us out in the wastelands...all by himself!” Rather than flinching under the crowd’s scrutiny, I strode further into the lobby, trying to act convincingly furious. “You hearin’ this, guys? D-Dead End’s goin’ around rescuin’ lost kids apparently!” 86Goldenagato | mp4directs.com “Ahahah! Damn, I never knew the guy was so soft-hearted!” “Seriously though? Maybe he’ll come save my bacon sometime too! Gahaha!” Normally, I would’ve frozen up in the face of all this mockery, but this time it wasn’t really getting to me. Was it because I was only playing a part? Because the crowd around me was so...surreal? Or maybe...I’d actually become a more confident human being? Nah, let’s not get carried away here. They were mostly laughing at Ruijerd, not me. There was no reason to pat myself on the back until I could shrug off cruelty that was actually aimed at me. A quick survey of the room told me that no one in it suspected Ruijerd really was the genuine article. That meant it was time for me to trot out scene A, one of the bits of dialogue we’d worked out beforehand. “I’ve had enough of these morons! C’mon, Boss, teach ’em a lesson!” “Hmph... Let the fools laugh if they want to.” Incidentally, we’d also practiced a scene B, in case there wasn’t any laughter beforehand. “Let the fools laugh... Oh man, what a badass!” “H-holy crap, he’s already actin’ like a big shot!” “Gahaha! Poor guy! I almost w-wanna apologize...” You’d probably be apologizing right now if you knew the truth, man. With tears running down your face. “Hmph! You idiots are lucky our boss is such a big-hearted guy!” I announced, then promptly turned to examine the room. To our left, there was an enormous bulletin board covered in pieces of paper. To our right, there were four wooden counters, staffed by a handful of clerks who were staring at us in astonishment. That looked like our initial destination. I strode confidently over to the right side of the lobby with my companions in tow...only to realize that they used some pretty damn high counters. I nodded up at Ruijerd, and he promptly hoisted me up. 87Goldenagato | mp4directs.com “Hey, you there! We want to register as adventurers!” I’d deliberately spoken loudly enough that the whole crowd could hear. There was another immediate explosion of laughter. “Dead End’s a friggin’ newbie, huh?!” “Hack, wheeze... Agh, my achin’ sides!” “Oh man! Am I g-gonna have to show Dead End the ropes?!” “Now that’s somethin’ to write home about!” Okay, I think that’s enough for now. “Will you people pipe down?! I can’t hear the clerk!” After I shouted at them, the crowd did start to quiet down, although the smirks on their faces showed no signs of fading. “Sure, kid. N-no problem...” “G-gotta pay attention to the rules and everything, right...? Snort...” “Hehehe...” I could still hear some quiet chuckling behind my back, but that wasn’t really a problem. So far, so good. *** And so, after roughly forty-four years of obstinate struggle, I finally realized my long-cherished dream of setting foot inside an employment office...sort of. I had my “credentials” as a Water-Saint-tier magician up my sleeve, a trusty new companion who hadn’t worked in centuries at my side, and a somewhat spoiled little lady behind me who I needed to provide for. At the end of the day, a man’s gotta work if he wants to eat... But anyway. Let’s get started. “I’m sorry for the commotion, miss. Mind helping us out?” The clerk across the counter from me had orange hair and a striking 88Goldenagato | mp4directs.com pair of fangs protruding from her mouth. Her top was also rather low-cut, and she happened to have three breasts, which meant two times the cleavage. What an efficient innovation. “Huh? Oh, of course. You want to...register as adventurers, correct?” The clerk seemed a bit taken aback by my tone suddenly becoming much politer. Still, it probably wasn’t wise to try and keep up the belligerent act forever; it’d be much too easy to slip up and give myself away at some point. She’d probably assume I’d just been trying to show the crowd I wasn’t a pushover. “That’s right. We’re totally new to this actually.” “In that case, would you please start off by filling out these forms?” The clerk reaching under the counter and retrieved three sheets of paper plus three slender sticks of charcoal, which she handed to me. The forms all looked identical. There was a line for your name, a line for your profession, and some text describing the guild and summarizing its rules. “I can read that out loud for you, if you can’t read it yourself,” offered the clerk, just as I was starting to wonder how some illiterate warrior from a backwoods village would deal with all this. “Thank you, but we’re fine.” I picked up one of the papers and read it out loud in the Human tongue for Eris’s benefit. *** 1 — Use of the Adventurers’ Guild Registering with the Adventurers’ Guild (“the guild”) entitles you to the use of its services. 2 — Guild Services Registered adventurers may visit any of our branches—found all around the world—to take on jobs, receive payment for completed work, sell raw materials, and exchange currencies. 3 — Your Registration Record 89Goldenagato | mp4directs.com All information related to your registration with the guild will be recorded exclusively on your Adventurer Card, for which you are personally responsible. Should your card be lost or destroyed, a new one can be issued. However, your rank will be reset to F, and a region-specific fee will be imposed. 4 — Leaving the Guild Registered adventurers may withdraw from the guild at any branch. Re-registration at a later date is permitted, but your rank will be reset to F. 5 — Prohibited Conduct Adventurers are strictly prohibited from: Violating local laws Taking any action severely prejudicial to the reputation of the guild Obstructing another adventurer from carrying out their tasks Buying or selling guild jobs Any violation of this policy will result in the assessment of a fine and the revocation of your status as an adventurer. 6 — Breach of Contract Any adventurer who fails to complete a job they undertake is required to pay one fifth of the listed reward as a breach-of- contract penalty. This fee must be paid in full within half a year. Failure to pay by this deadline will result in the revocation of your status as an adventurer. 7 — Rank Adventurers are ranked in seven tiers based on their experience and abilities, beginning with Rank F and advancing to Rank S. As a general rule, adventurers can only undertake jobs rated within one rank of their current rank. 8 — Promotion / Demotion 90Goldenagato | mp4directs.com By completing a preset number of jobs (based on their current rank), adventurers can secure promotion to a higher rank. If an adventurer does not feel ready to take on a higher rank, they may decline promotion. In addition, failing to complete a certain number of jobs consecutively may result in demotion to a lower rank. 9 — Duties and Responsibilities Should the local authorities call for aid in the event of a monster attack or similar crisis, all adventurers are obliged to offer their assistance. In addition, adventurers are expected to obey any orders issued by their local guild in the event of an emergency. *** By the time I was halfway through the list, Eris was looking increasingly fed-up. This sort of stilted, formal writing wasn’t exactly her forte. I didn’t enjoy it much either, but this stuff seemed like it could be important. I hadn’t noticed any particular problems yet, but... “Uh, miss? I have a question...” “What would that be?” “Is it all right if we fill out this form in another language?” “Another language? Such as...?” “The Human tongue, maybe?” “Ah. In that case, it won’t be a problem.” Based on her first clause, it may have been a problem if we wanted to use a more uncommon language. Japanese was definitely out, of course. I decided to go with the Demon-God tongue; it seemed like a good idea to give them the impression that I might be some sort of youthful-looking demon, rather than a human child. “Go on, Eris. You should fill yours out too.” I could have done it for 91Goldenagato | mp4directs.com her, probably, but it was usually best to personally sign documents like this. In any case, all the conversations inside the guild so far had been in Demon. That was probably the only reason Eris had pouted silently instead of getting into it with the crowd; if she’d actually understood what they were saying, she might have drawn her sword and gone charging after someone. “Not that we’re planning to do so, but...what would happen if we used a false name on these?” “We don’t have any particular rules about that. Use whatever name you want to register.” “Don’t you get criminals signing up under made-up aliases or anything?” “Well, the definition of a ‘criminal’ isn’t the same on the Demon Continent as it is in other places. So long as someone isn’t causing trouble for the guild, it isn’t much of a problem. However, if you’re ever stripped of your status as an adventurer, you’ll find it impossible to register again...on this continent at least.” “That seems very...lenient.” “It does cause us issues of course. But many people on this continent weren’t named at birth, and a stricter policy would prevent them from registering at all.” Interesting. It sounded like the guild on this continent had a certain level of independence from the broader organization, if it could set its own policies like that. I’d come up with the whole “Royce” thing in case they wouldn’t let a Superd register, but it seemed that wasn’t going to be a problem. “If I register here then head to another continent, will I need to re- register with the guild over there?” “That won’t be necessary.” Figured as much, but good to know. “If you’re finished with that form, please place your hand on this.” This time, the clerk took out a transparent board about the size and shape of an erotic game box, with a magic circle engraved at its center. I 92Goldenagato | mp4directs.com could see a small metal card sitting underneath its surface. Hmm. What’s all this then? “Like this?” As I pressed my hand flat against the center of the plate, the clerk tapped the button on its far edge. “Name, Rudeus Greyrat. Profession, Magician. Rank F.” After reading out the contents of my form in a flat, steady voice, she pressed the button a second time, and the magic circle glowed faintly red for just a moment. “Here you are. This is your Adventurer Card.” The ordinary-looking metal card was now marked with faintly glowing letters: NAME: Rudeus Greyrat SEX: Male RACE: Human AGE: 10 PROFESSION: Magician RANK: F For some reason, it was all written in the Human tongue. Ah, I see. So that thing’s basically some sort of magic printing press, huh? Hmm. Wouldn’t it be really convenient to use it for books too? If they’ve got ’em in public facilities like this, I wonder why they’re not all over the place... Then again, maybe the upper plate and the card itself were special items too. It sounded like the clerk had manually input my name, rank, and occupation, but the device seemed to have sensed my race, age, and sex from my hand somehow. That was kind of a bummer actually. So much for hiding the fact that I was a human. Well, whatever. I’d just have to roll with it. 93Goldenagato | mp4directs.com NAME: Ruijerd Superdia SEX: Male RACE: Demon AGE: 566 PROFESSION: Warrior RANK: F For a second there, I was seriously worried this thing might reveal that Ruijerd really was a Superd, but his card went with the nicely vague word “Demon” instead. Definitely a relief. The device had exposed his actual age, but the clerk seemed to take that in stride. Maybe absurdly long lifespans weren’t that rare among demonkind. The name “Ruijerd Superdia” also didn’t get much of a reaction. She probably just assumed it was a pseudonym. Talk about rude... I’d just told her we weren’t planning on using those. Then again, maybe it wasn’t common knowledge that Dead End’s real name was “Ruijerd.” I’d heard the words Dead End thrown around a ton in here, but not his actual name. Incidentally, his card had come out in the Demon-God tongue... NAME: Eris Boreas Greyrat SEX: Female RACE: Human AGE: 12 PROFESSION: Swordswoman RANK: F But Eris’s was written in the Human tongue as well. “Is there a reason why his card is in a different language than ours, miss?” 94Goldenagato | mp4directs.com “Yes. It changes depending on your race.” Ah. So humans just got Human tongue by default, no matter what. “What happens if you’re mixed-race?” “Sometimes it might use a bit of both the relevant languages, but typically it would pin you as the race more of your ancestors are from.” “Hmm. But what if you’re a Human who can only speak Demon-God or something?” “In that case, you can just press your finger against the center of the card and speak the name of the language you’d prefer.” Just to try it out, I pressed my finger to my card and said, “Beast-God tongue.” The words on my card changed instantly. This is kinda fun. “Demon-God tongue. Fighting-God tongue—” “Try not to do that too often,” the clerk interjected. “You’ll use up the card’s magical energy more quickly.” “What happens if it runs out?” “You’ll need to have it recharged at a guild branch.” Right. So the card itself was definitely a magical implement as well. There was probably some tiny crystal embedded inside it or something. “Would the information recorded on it disappear?” “No, fortunately.” “If you keep using the same card for a long time, does the battery start draining faster or anything?” “The battery...? If you’re referring to its magical energy, then no. The supply is usually good for about a year, but we’ll replenish it every time you stop by to report a completed task, so it typically won’t run dry at all.” “How much does that service cost?” “Well, there’s no fee of any sort...” Okay, so why did you tell me off for playing around with it? Hmm. Maybe people had been known to storm in and yell at the clerks when their 95Goldenagato | mp4directs.com cards ran out of juice? Customer service jobs always sucked, no matter what world you landed in. “Okay, got it. I’ll be more careful from now on.” I had no idea who invented these things, but it was an interesting little system. I felt like there were probably all sorts of other applications for “rechargeable” magic tools... But maybe the guild was monopolizing the technology? Ah well. No point thinking about it right now. “Hehe...” Eris, meanwhile, had been gazing at her little card with a big smile on her face for some time now. I know you’re happy, but don’t lose that thing, okay? “Would you like to register a party as well?” asked the clerk. “A party? Oh! Yes. Please.” Somehow, that part had slipped my mind completely, probably because there wasn’t anything about it on the initial paperwork. We’d been intending to set ourselves up as a party from the very start. But— “Before that, would you mind giving us a rundown of the party system?” With a polite nod, the clerk began explaining the nitty-gritty details: A party can have a maximum of seven members. Only adventurers within one rank of the party’s leader can join the party. Your party rank is the average of all your members’ ranks. For rank promotion purposes, all party members receive credit for any jobs completed as a party. Individual party members can still take on jobs independent of the party. To join a party, you need approval from both the party leader and the guild. To leave a party, you only need approval from the guild. The party leader has the right to eject any member from their party. Should the party leader die, their party is automatically disbanded. Two or more parties can join together to form a clan. High-performing clans are eligible to receive a variety of special 96Goldenagato | mp4directs.com rewards from the guild. The clan parts didn’t seem especially relevant right now. We were going to be a small-scale operation for the foreseeable future. “Now then, what would you like to use for your party’s name?” “We’ll go with Dead End.” The clerk’s face twitched a little, but she managed to paste a smile back on in no time. The woman was clearly a pro. “Very well. Let me have your cards for a moment, please.” We retrieved the cards we’d just tucked away and passed them across the counter to the clerk. She stepped into the back for a moment, then returned. “Here you are. Please make sure everything’s in order.” I looked down at my card and saw a new line had been added to the bottom: PARTY: Dead End (F) The “F” was presumably our party rank. For some reason, it was a little embarrassing to see the words “Dead End” actually written out like that. It sounded intimidating when you said it aloud, but it was definitely a different story in print. “At this point, we’ve fully completed the registration process. Congratulations.” “Thanks for your time, miss.” “If you want to take on any jobs, simply tear the relevant paper from the board and bring it over to our reception counters.” “Got it.” “Also, we handle purchasing behind the building, so make sure to head back there when you have something to sell.” “Out back. Got it. Thank you.” 97Goldenagato | mp4directs.com Phew. Finally done with the paperwork at least... *** With our registration completed, the three of us headed over to take a look at the bulletin board. Unfortunately, that meant making our way through a gauntlet of smirking adventurers. Almost everyone looked at us like we were a bunch of monkeys in a zoo. But there were a few in the crowd who seemed more hostile than amused. Those were the ones I’d need to watch out for. I’d told Ruijerd it was okay to scrap if he needed to, but I wasn’t expecting much from him as an actor. There was no guarantee we’d be able to turn trouble to our advantage the way I wanted to. All said and done, I didn’t want to get into any fights today. “Uh...” All of a sudden, a leg stretched across the aisle we were walking down. The leg in question belonged to a frog...or frog-man. He had a blue body with black spots and the smuggest face I’d ever seen. His bulging cheeks inflated and deflated rapidly; it was obvious he was suppressing the urge to laugh. Was the guy inviting us to trip over his leg or what? It brought back some unpleasant memories, but I pushed them out of my mind and stepped carefully over the obstacle. “Gyahahaha!” “Eeheeheehee!” “Ghuh, ghuh, ghuh!” For some reason, this prompted a burst of laughter from all around me. I flinched slightly at the noise, which only made them chortle harder. Stay calm. It’s no big deal. They were going to laugh at you no matter what you did. I’d experienced the exact same thing in my previous life. This was classic, cookie-cutter bullying. Following my lead, Eris tried stepping over the frog-man’s leg as well; 98Goldenagato | mp4directs.com but he suddenly jerked it upward, catching her by the tip of her toes. “Gah!” Eris started pitching forward, but managed to catch herself at the last moment by slamming her leading foot down hard against the floor. Of course, this prompted more raucous laughter from everyone in the vicinity. Her face bright red, Eris stared furiously back at the frog, her hands squeezed into fists and her teeth grinding loudly. “Ooh. Sorry ’bout that, kiddo! My legs are so long an’ thin I can barely keep ’em under control sometimes!” The man did offer an apology of sorts. Not that she understood a word of it. Crap. Is this going to turn into a fight? If she throws the first punch, things might get ugly fast... But to my surprise, Eris just snorted haughtily, turned on her heel, and strode over to join me. Her face was terrible to behold, but she’d managed to control herself. Good girl, Eris! Way to be the grown-up in the room! I’m giving you a fighting spirit prize! You just received 100 bonus points! Unfortunately, it was now Ruijerd’s turn to face the frog-leg menace. Stretching his leg out like that really drove home just how long and skinny it was. Should he really be out adventuring with sticks like that for legs? Maybe they let him jump really high or something...? Uh, focus, please. What’s Ruijerd gonna do here? Lifting his foot high, Ruijerd began stepping over the obstacle in his path. Just like with Eris, the frog-man jerked the leg up to trip him... “Wh-wha?!” Instead of Ruijerd, it was our slimy friend who took a tumble. Ruijerd had slipped a foot under the frog’s leg as he raised it, then kicked upward to throw him totally off-balance. Flipped backward out of his chair, the man landed flat on his stomach in a classic squashed-frog pose. Once again, everyone around us burst into laughter. “Ghuh, ghuhuhuh!” “W-way to get knocked down by a newbie, man!” “Th-that’s what you get for messing with a Superd! Hilarious!” 99Goldenagato | mp4directs.com Froggy’s bright blue face immediately shifted colors to a vivid shade of red. Very interesting. Was he actually cold-blooded? “Bastard!” Hopping to his feet in a very froggy fashion, our new friend pulled a knife from his hip and pointed it threateningly at Ruijerd. Huh? Seriously? You really want to go all life-or-death over this? “Ya got a lotta nerve messin’ with me like that, buddy!” “...You should back down now, if you know what’s good for you.” Ruijerd. Please. That’s the sort of thing you say when you want to fight. The guy’s got a knife, right? That’s kind of... Hmm. Maybe this would still qualify as a scrap? Just barely...? “Hey. C’mon, Perutko. Give it a rest.” A horse-headed man suddenly stepped in from the sidelines to intercede. “Pickin’ on newbies went outta style years ago, man.” “But this guy—” “Ya just lost yer balance and fell, right?” “Come on, Nokopara, the bastard’s scowlin’ at—” “Ya lost yer balance and fell. Right?” When Horseface repeated himself, Froggy paused, clicked his tongue bitterly, then stomped straight out of the guild. The crowd of onlookers promptly lost interest and began dispersing in groups of two and three. 100Goldenagato | mp4directs.com 101Goldenagato | mp4directs.com Man. I’d given some thought to the possibility that we’d get into a fight here, but that was more nerve-wracking than expected. With the crisis past, I turned around and made for the guild’s bulletin board...totally oblivious to the ominous gaze of a certain horse-headed man. *** The board was absolutely covered with dozens of pieces of paper. There was a mountain of work that needed doing apparently. As a brand-new party, however, we could only take jobs ranked F or E, and there weren’t any particularly epic-looking quests in those categories. The majority were just odd jobs around the city—stuff like organizing a warehouse, helping out in someone’s kitchen, basic bookkeeping, looking for a lost pet, and exterminating insects. None of them looked especially challenging, but the rewards were also low. The actual forms looked like this, for example: *** F TASK: Warehouse Organizing REWARD: 5 stone coins DETAILS: Manual labor, heavy lifting LOCATION: Rikarisu Block 12, the warehouse with the red door DURATION: Half a day to a day DEADLINE: N/A CLIENT: Dogamu of the Orte NOTES: I’ve got a ton of stuff to move around, and not nearly enough manpower. Someone help me out. Ideally, someone strong. 102Goldenagato | mp4directs.com *** F TASK: Kitchen Help REWARD: 6 stone coins DETAILS: Dishwashing, carrying food, etc. LOCATION: Rikarisu Block 4, the Footfall Restaurant DURATION: One day DEADLINE: Before the next full moon CLIENT: Shinitora of the Kanande NOTES: We’ve been getting a ton of reservations lately. I need some extra hands in the kitchen. If you’re up for a little taste- testing too, I’d appreciate it. *** E TASK: Lost Pet REWARD: One scrap iron coin DETAILS: Find and catch a missing pet LOCATION: Rikarisu Block 2, Kirib House, room three DURATION: Until the pet’s located DEADLINE: None in particular CLIENT: Meicel of the Houga NOTES: My pet vanished and won’t come home. I’m using up all my allowance money on this request. Someone please help. *** 103Goldenagato | mp4directs.com They didn’t seem like the sort of jobs you’d undertake as a party really. It looked like low-rank jobs tended to be “solo quests” for the most part. Any jobs we completed would count for all of us for rank promotion purposes... At lower ranks, maybe people tended to take on a whole bunch of jobs as a party, then divide the work up among the members. “Well, I guess we’d want to start with something nice and simple...” Still, why’s the lost pet one E-rank? Oh, right. I guess the city’s pretty big... The whole “until you find it” thing could also be a little awkward. There was a possibility the thing was dead after all. But that bit about the “allowance” had to mean that the client was a sweet, adorable little girl, right? It’d be pretty sad if no one helped her out... “Aren’t there any about fighting dragons or something?” “There is one, but it’s S rank. Over here.” “Ooh, really?! Wait...I can’t read this.” “It says a stray dragon’s taken up residence to the north of the city.” “Think we could take it down?” “It would be best not to try. Dragons are fearsome foes.” “Right, right. Still, I kind of want to try slaying something...” “The monster-hunting quests start at Rank C, I’m afraid.” “There aren’t any ranked lower than that?” “So it would appear.” “But I heard you’re supposed start off by fighting goblins and stuff...” “You won’t find any monsters that weak on this continent.” As I looked through the low-level jobs, Eris was having a somewhat alarming conversation with Ruijerd, who handled all the reading for her. That guy really was a patient soul, wasn’t he? “Whoa there, my D-Dead End friends! Those are a little, uh... hehe...high-rank for you guys, ain’t they?” One of the guys who’d been laughing at us earlier sauntered over to the two of them with a big smirk on his face. It was a muscular man with the head of a horse...the same guy who’d stepped in to break up that fight a 104Goldenagato | mp4directs.com minute ago actually. I moved fast and managed to get myself between him and Eris before he got too close. “Mind your own business! We’ll take an F- or E-rank job, just like we’re supposed to!” “Hey, calm down, buddy! I just wanted to give ya a little advice, okay?” “No kidding. Like what?” “Here, ya see this job? The lost pet one?” Reaching past me, Horseface ripped down the paper I’d been looking at only a few moments earlier. “Yeah, I saw that one. Seemed like it might be kind of tough, since this city’s so big.” “Huuuh? Hey, come on, kid! Ain’t your boss the one an’ only Dead End? Like, a Superd?” “So what if he is?!” “Is that eye on his forehead just a decoration or what? It doesn’t matter how big the city is! He’ll track that thing down in a single day, no sweat!” Oh. Come to think of it, he’s got a point. Ruijerd could locate living things with pinpoint accuracy. Even if we were looking for a lost cat or something, he’d probably manage just fine... Of course, Horseface here was clearly convinced that Ruijerd was a phony, meaning that his thoughtful “advice” was really just intended to provoke us. I needed to react accordingly. “Shut up! Leave us alone!” Still, I’d have to keep that missing pet job in mind. It seemed like a good chance to take advantage of Ruijerd’s abilities. “Let’s go, Boss!” “Hm? Aren’t we going to take on any jobs?” “Forget it! We’ll come back when there aren’t a bunch of jerks waiting around to sabotage us.” The goal of this visit was to make our big appearance and get ourselves registered; I’d only looked at the board to get a sense of the type of jobs that were available. We’d get started in earnest tomorrow morning. “Come on. We’re done here.” 105Goldenagato | mp4directs.com As the three of us left the guild behind, I heard another huge burst of laughter from inside. “They’re going home without even takin’ a single job?!” “Dead End ain’t in no rush, man! What a cool customer!” “Gyahahahaha!” I could see the bewilderment on Ruijerd’s face. It was hard to blame him for wondering if we were really on the right track here. As far as I was concerned, though, the afternoon had been a success. The people in that building were laughing at the words “Dead End” instead of flinching or grimacing. That wasn’t what we were shooting for in the long-term, but it was definitely a step in the right direction. At the very least, I was convinced of that. One way or another, the three of us were now full-fledged adventurers. 106Goldenagato | mp4directs.com Chapter 8: The Adventurers’ Inn By the time we left the guild, it was getting dark outside. The sky was still bright, but the streets of Rikarisu seemed oddly gloomy. After a second, I realized it was a side effect of its location; the tall walls of the crater had cast the city into shadow well before the sun actually set. It’d probably be pitch black in no time. “I guess we should find an inn right away.” Eris looked over me with a puzzled expression. “Can’t we just camp outside the city or something?” “Oh, come on. Might as well get a good night’s sleep in a real bed when we’re staying in a town, right?” “You think?” Ruijerd didn’t seem to have an opinion one way or another. When we were camping out in the field, he’d often handled the night watch duties all by himself, since he could sense approaching enemies even when he was half-asleep. I’d woken a couple times in the middle of the night to the sound of something exploding, only to realize that Ruijerd had just sliced apart some hapless monster. It wasn’t exactly conducive to a relaxing rest. Anyway, an inn was definitely in order. For one thing, I was starving. We could probably buy something in the city, but we still had a ton of dried meat left over from the other day. It was probably smarter to finish that and keep our expenses down for now, but I was hungry enough that I at least wanted someplace to sit down and stuff my face in peace. “Hey, Rudeus! Look at that!” Eris’s voice was full of excitement. Curious as to what she’d spotted, I looked up to find that the inner walls of the crater had begun shining faintly; the light seemed to be growing brighter by the second. “This is amazing! I’ve never seen anything like it before!” By the time the sun set completely, the crater’s walls were brilliantly 107Goldenagato | mp4directs.com illuminating the stone and clay buildings of the city. It felt like we’d stumbled into a lit-up amusement park. “Wow. That’s really something, isn’t it?” Of course, I’d spent my previous life in a place that never got completely dark at any time, so I wasn’t quite as awestruck as Eris. Still, this was definitely a magical spectacle. Why were the walls shining like that anyway? “Ah. Those are the illuminators.” “Hm? You know something about this, Raiden?” “Raiden? Who’s that? Hm. Was there a Sword God a few generations ago with that name...?” Naturally, the reference was completely lost on Ruijerd. There probably wasn’t a single person in this entire world who would have understood it. Kind of depressing. “Sorry. I used to know someone by that name, and he knew all sorts of weird things, so... It was just a slip of the tongue.” “I see.” Ruijerd reached down and patted me gently on the head, like a man comforting a child who’d reminisced about a deceased parent. Uh, just for the record, Raiden isn’t my dad’s name or anything. My old man’s named Pat or Pablo or something like that. Pretty decent father, pretty crappy human being. “Anyway, what are these illuminator things?” “They’re a variety of magic stone.” “How do they work?” “They absorb light during the day, then release it like this once it’s dark. They shine for less than half as long as the daylight hours, though.” So they were basically solar-powered lights? I didn’t see anything like these back in Asura. It was surprising they weren’t in broader usage, considering how convenient they sounded. “So why don’t people use these all over the place?” 108Goldenagato | mp4directs.com “Mainly, it’s because the stones themselves are rather rare.” “Huh? Looks like they’ve got a ton of them here, though...” It had to take a huge number of those things to light up an entire city like this, right? “The Great Demon Empress apparently had them brought here at the height of her power. You see that over there?” Ruijerd pointed to the broken fortress at the center of the city, shining faintly in the light of the stones. “It was all so her castle would glow beautifully in the night.” “Wow. That seems a little...excessive.” An image of the Demon Empress popped unbidden into my mind. It was Eris in a dominatrix outfit, shrieking, “More light! I need more light, so that the world may know my beauty!” “Doesn’t anybody try to steal them or anything?” “I’ve heard it’s forbidden, but I don’t know the details.” Right. This was Ruijerd’s first time in Rikarisu, too, after all. The stones seemed to be positioned fairly high up the crater’s walls, so maybe it was tricky to get to them unless you could fly. “At the time, the project was widely condemned as a selfish waste, but I suppose it’s proven useful in the end.” “Hmm. Maybe the Empress actually did it for the good of her citizens.” “That I highly doubt. The woman was infamous for her decadence and self-indulgence.” Ooh. I like the sound of those words. If this lady’s still alive somewhere, I’d love to meet her. We’re definitely talking about a sexy succubus type here. “Hey, sometimes truth’s stranger than fiction, right?” “Is that some sort of human proverb?” “Yep. Think about it though. The Superd don’t have a great reputation either, but they’re actually kind-hearted people, aren’t they?” Ruijerd patted my head affectionately. I wasn’t sure how I felt about being petted like this at my age, but...let’s think this over, shall we? Yes, I was basically in my mid-forties, mentally speaking. But this guy was in his 560s. Just chop off a digit if it’s too hard to wrap your head around that. Now 109Goldenagato | mp4directs.com we’ve got the equivalent of a four-year-old being patted by a fifty-six-year- old. That’s nice and heartwarming, right? “Hey, Rudeus! Why don’t we go check that place out?!” Eris said, pointing at the ruined, jet-black castle looming ominously against the night sky. “Not tonight, Eris,” I said. “Let’s find an inn.” “Oh, come on! We can just take a little look around!” Well, now I’d got her pouting. It was charming enough that I was tempted to indulge her, but based on what Ruijerd said earlier, this light wasn’t going to last forever. The last thing we needed was to find ourselves plunged into total darkness just as we reached the castle. “I’ve been feeling kind of worn out lately, Eris. I’d rather head to an inn.” “Huh? Are you all right?” I wasn’t lying. It probably had something to do with the fact that I wasn’t used to traveling, but I’d been feeling kind of sluggish for the last few days. I could still move just fine in battle, so it hadn’t been a major issue yet. Still, I did seem to be getting tired more quickly than usual. Maybe the stress was getting to me. “I’m fine, Eris. It’s nothing too serious.” “Really? Well, all right then... I guess I’ll have to be patient.” Now that was a phrase I never would’ve expected to hear from Miss Eris Boreas Greyrat. The girl really had come a long way in the last few years, hadn’t she? *** We settled on a place called the Wolfclaw Inn. It had a total of twelve rooms, and the rate was five stone coins per night. The building itself had seen better days, but they openly welcomed beginner adventurers, and the price was definitely fair. For an extra stone coin, they provided morning and evening meals, and if you were an adventuring party with more than two people staying in a single room, they waived that fee altogether. As part of 110Goldenagato | mp4directs.com that newbie-friendly strategy, the rate stayed the same no matter how many beds you used. Their front lobby also doubled as a little tavern, with a handful of tables and a few counter seats as well. When we walked in, one of the tables was occupied by a group of three young adventurers, which didn’t strike me as surprising. The word “young” was relative here, of course. They were probably older than I was, maybe about Eris’s age. All of them were boys, and all of them were staring at us without making any attempt to hide it. “What should we do?” said Ruijerd, shooting me a glance. He was presumably asking if we were going to put on another show. “Let’s not,” I replied after a moment’s thought. “This is where we’re sleeping, right? I’d rather be able to relax here.” There was no telling how many nights we’d actually be spending in this particular inn, but these boys were still children by Ruijerd’s standards. If we stayed under the same roof for long, they’d naturally come to learn that he was a good-hearted guy. “We’re a party of three. We’ll be here three days at least.” “Yeah, fine. You want the meals or no?” The innkeeper here didn’t seem to be the friendliest. “Yeah. Meals, too, please.” I handed over enough coins to cover our first three days upfront. The free food thing was definitely a nice bonus. This left us with one iron coin, three scrap iron coins, and two stone coins...the equivalent of 132 stone coins, in total. “H-hey, are you a rookie adventurer too?” As I was listening to the innkeeper explain the rules and such, one of the newbies wandered over and spoke to Eris. It was a kid with white hair and a horn sticking out of his forehead; you could probably have classified him as a “pretty boy,” if you were feeling generous. The other two...weren’t bad either, I guess. One of them was a sturdy- looking, muscular guy with four arms, and the other had a beak for a mouth and feathers where his hair should be. They were all relatively handsome, although in different ways. If Horn-head was a normal-type Prettymon, Four- arms was a fighting-type, and Beak-boy was a flying-type. 111Goldenagato | mp4directs.com “W-we’re pretty new to this ourselves actually. Want to come eat with us maybe?” Oh wow. He’s actually hitting on her. This little punk was pretty damn precocious, huh? Too bad his voice was trembling. It was kind of adorable, in a way. “We can probably give you some advice on picking jobs and stuff, you know?” “...Hmph.” Eris’s only response to the boy’s offer was to turn her face away. Way to go, girl! Give that little flirt the cold shoulder! Well, not like she can even understand what he’s saying. “C’mon, just for a bit? Your little brother over there can come too.” “...” Just as I felt like I should intervene, Eris abruptly glanced across the room and began walking away from the boy. I recognized the technique of course. It was something she’d learned in Edna’s etiquette lessons...a basic move from the Art of Avoiding Annoying Aristocrats! Now then, how was the kid going to play this? At this point, a gentleman would get the message and back down gracefully... “Hey, don’t ignore me.” Horn-head was evidently not a gentleman. Clearly irritated, he reached out and grabbed the bottom of Eris’s hood. The kid yanked Eris backward, but she had enough lower-body strength to keep her balance. As you might expect from an adventurer, he seemed to be relatively strong himself. Unfortunately, there was a cheap piece of cloth caught up in the middle of this power struggle. With an ugly ripping sound, Eris’s hood gave way. “...Huh?” Eris looked down at the damage. There were tiny tears all along the hood’s bottom edge, where the seams had pulled apart. I think I actually heard her snap. “What the hell d’you think you’re doing?!” A shrill cry, loud enough to shake the inn to its rafters, served as the starting bell. Twirling around, Eris fired off a Boreas Punch. This was a 112Goldenagato | mp4directs.com turning blow she’d learned from Sauros and perfected in the course of her training with Ghislaine; the poor kid never saw it coming. Her fist caught him square in the face, and his head jerked back so far that it almost looked like she’d broken his neck. The kid fell spinning backward, hit the back of his head against the floor, and was instantly unconscious. I was a total amateur, but even I could tell that blow had some serious power behind it. You could almost hear the world’s strongest death row convict muttering, “What a punch.” Kinda serves you right for being so pushy, man. Hopefully the kid had learned his lesson and would never again do anything so foolhardy as speaking to Eris. Sometimes education can be a painful process. Anyway, his two friends were presumably going to come charging in at this point. I probably needed to step in... “Who do you think you are anyway?! You’ve got some nerve touching me!” But to my surprise, Eris wasn’t done yet. This time, she unleashed the Boreas Kick...another highly sophisticated technique she’d learned from Sauros and perfected under Ghislaine. Her foot smacked into the solar plexus of her second victim. “Gah!” Four-arms moaned in agony and sank to his knees. Eris promptly drove her knee into his chin, sending him flying backward. “Huh? Wha— Huh?!” It didn’t seem like Beak-boy had fully processed what was happening yet, but as Eris rushed toward him, he reached reflexively for the sword at his hip. That seemed a little overboard, so I quickly tried intervening with magic. As it turned out, though, Eris was the only one really going overboard here. Before Beak-boy could even draw his weapon, she smacked her fist viciously into his chin. I’d never seen a bird’s eyes roll back in its head before, but apparently there was a first time for everything. In mere seconds, Eris had totally immobilized all three of her opponents. 113Goldenagato | mp4directs.com She stalked back to where Horn-head lay unconscious and kicked his head like a soccer ball. The first blow jolted the boy awake, but he couldn’t do anything except curl up in the fetal position. Eris proceeded to kick him over and over again. “That...was...the...first...piece...of...clothing... Rudeus...ever...bought...me!” Oh my! Miss Eris! Do I really mean that much to you?! It was just a cheap little thing to cover up that hair of yours, you know... Goodness, you’re going to make this old man blush! Eris kicked the boy over onto his back and reached down to grab one of his legs. Her face was twisted with rage. “You’ll regret this until the day you die! I’m going to stomp that thing into mush!” What thing was she referring to, you might wonder? I was too afraid to ask. Horn-head didn’t know what she was saying, of course, but he seemed to understand what she intended to do. He started yelping apologies, begging for help, and trying desperately to squirm away. But his words were meaningless to Eris, and they wouldn’t have made a difference either way. Eris always finished what she started. The girl was nothing if not thorough. This kid was about to meet with the same fate I might have suffered three years earlier, had I failed to escape her wrath. “Stop it, Eris!” At this point, I finally managed to step in and intervene. Everything had happened so quickly that I’d been too startled to react immediately. “Down, girl! Down! Calm yourself!” “What’s your problem, Rudeus?! Why are you stopping me?!” I’d grabbed Eris from behind, but she was still thrashing around in my arms, trying to bring her foot down on the boy. What part of the boy specifically, one might ask? The answer was too horrible to contemplate. “We can just repair the hood! I’ll sew it up for you, okay? So cut the guy a break! You’re going way too far here!” “Oh, whatever! Hmph!” Fortunately, my desperate pleas got through to Eris in the end. She stopped fighting and stomped back over to Ruijerd with her face still full of 114Goldenagato | mp4directs.com fury. Ruijerd, incidentally, had been sitting in a chair at the counter and watching all of this unfold with a small smile on his face. “Ruijerd, come on! Don’t just sit there next time this happens!” “Hm? It was only a children’s fight, wasn’t it?” “Yeah, but the grown-ups are supposed to stop those!” Especially when it’s such a total mismatch... *** “Are you all right?” “Yeah, I’m f-fine...” Feeling a bit sympathetic despite myself, I cast Healing on the battered boy and helped him to his feet. “Sorry about that. She can’t speak Demon- God.” “Th-that scared the heck out of me... Wh-Why’d she get so mad anyway?” “Well, she doesn’t like being pestered, and I think that hood is pretty important to her.” “R-right... Uh, would you mind telling her I’m sorry?” I glanced over at Eris. She’d taken off her hood, and was staring at the huge tear in it while grinding her teeth furiously. She was definitely in her “never forgive, never forget” mode right now. I hadn’t seen her like this since the very first day we met. I half-expected to see little cartoon clouds of smoke coming out her ears. “Sorry, but if I spoke to her right now, I think she’d punch me too.” “Uh, wow. She’s cute, but kinda scary, huh...” Honestly, I’d thought the girl had grown more civilized recently, but maybe it was only an act. Kinda depressing, since I’d just been patting myself on the back about how far she’d come. “Well, yeah, she’s definitely cute. And that’s why you probably shouldn’t talk to her unless you have a good 115Goldenagato | mp4directs.com reason, okay?” “R-right. Sure...” “Also, if you ever feel the urge to try and get revenge for this, I’d advise against it. I stepped in today since the whole thing was just an accident, but next time you might actually die.” Not exactly subtle, but I wanted to make sure he knew where we stood. The boy’s eyes widened, and he rubbed at his nose, then checked the back of his head for lumps. After a few moments, he seemed to calm down. “My name’s Kurt. What’s yours?” “I’m Rudeus Greyrat. Oh, and she’s Eris.” At this point, the two others, who Eris had punished for their friend’s misdeeds, came up to introduce themselves as well. The four-armed muscleman was Bachiro, and Beak-boy’s real name was Gablin. Once we’d finished exchanging our names, these two took up positions on either side of Kurt, and the little group struck up a dramatic pose. “Together, we are...the Tokurabu Village Toughs!” “...” Were these kids trying to pull off an Athena Exclamation or what? Talk about lame. And you’re calling yourself “toughs”? Seriously? What are you, a biker gang from fifty years ago or something? In fact, is this Tokurabu place even on any maps? “We’re on track to hit rank D soon! We were thinking it was about time we found a girl magician to round out the party, you know? That’s why I came over.” “A girl magician...?” That didn’t make much sense. I was the only magician in our party. It’s not like Eris is wearing a wizard robe or anything...oh. Wait a second... “Did you assume Eris was a magician because of the hood she had on?” “Well, yeah. Only spellcasters wear stuff like that, yeah?” “She’s carrying a sword, you know...” “Huh? Oh, wow. You’re right.” Apparently Kurt hadn’t even noticed. 116Goldenagato | mp4directs.com He seemed like the type who only saw the things he wanted to see. “But you’re a magician, right? I mean, you can use healing spells and everything. That’s pretty awesome.” “Yeah, spells are basically what I do.” “Hey, why don’t you both join up with us then?” Wait, you think we’re going to join your gang? Seriously? Didn’t you learn anything from that little episode earlier? “Just so you know...if I joined up, that guy over there would be coming too.” I pointed over at Ruijerd, who was busy lecturing Eris about something or other; she looked a bit sulky, but was nodding at his words. “Huh? That guy’s in your party too?” “Oh, absolutely. His name’s Ruijerd.” “Ruijerd...? What’s your party called anyway?” “Dead End.” The boys stared at me with undisguised bewilderment. They were obviously wondering what the hell we were thinking. “Uh, is it really a good idea to use a name like that?” “Well, we got approval from the man himself.” “Suuure...” Yeah, I know it sounds like a joke, but I’m actually telling the literal truth here... “It’s just a name, right? Point is, Eris and I are already taken, so we can’t join up with you guys.” It was hard to imagine we’d get anything out of teaming up with these kids anyway. We weren’t here to run around playing make-believe. “Oh yeah? Guess that’s your loss then. We’re gonna make a big splash in this town, you know? Don’t come beggin’ us to let you in the party once we’re famous.” Is he for real? Well...nothing wrong with a bunch of fresh-faced youngsters heading to the big city with their heads full of dreams, right? Those grizzled veterans back at the Adventurers’ Guild probably welcomed 117Goldenagato | mp4directs.com kids like these with warm, indulgent smiles. “You talk awful big for someone who just got his butt handed to him by a kid...” “Hey! She, uh, just caught me off guard, man.” “You gonna trot out that excuse when some monster ambushes you in the wilderness too?” “Gah...” Yeah, I think I won that one. Feels good, man. Hard to argue with the mental image of a Pax Coyote ripping out your throat, right? I left the “Tokurabu Village Toughs” to nurse their bruised egos. *** After dinner, we headed up to our room, where three fur beds awaited us. “Phew...” Sighing softly, I took a seat on mine. Today really had been exhausting. I wasn’t in the best condition to start with, and we’d met so many people, heard a ton of laughter, and endured so much mockery. Even when you’re consciously playing a part, that stuff takes a toll on you. Eris was gazing out our window at the city, which was growing darker by the minute. That ruined castle was pretty captivating, sure, but you’d think the girl was a tourist or something. We had all sorts of things to worry about right now, didn’t we? Did she expect me deal with everything all by myself or what? Okay, no. I needed to stop being so negative. Eris trusted me; that’s why she wasn’t overthinking things right now. It wasn’t as if she was being a spoiled brat or anything. Now if only she’d stop getting into pointless fights... I fell back onto my bed, looked up at the ceiling and thought about what came next. First and foremost, we needed money. This room was costing us fifteen stone coins a night for the three of us. We needed to earn at least that much per day at a bare minimum. But based on what I’d seen earlier, F-rank jobs 118Goldenagato | mp4directs.com paid out about five stone coins, and even E-rank jobs were only worth one scrap iron coin or so. As a solo adventurer, you could probably just tackle one F-rank job per day to cover the cost of your lodgings, then start saving some cash once you ranked up into more lucrative work. F- and E-rank tasks were mainly odd jobs around the city, but at D rank you started getting more requests to gather materials and such. Basically, the system was set up so that you could save up some money doing easy work, then buy some equipment to tackle more dangerous jobs. It was well thought-out, but...there were three of us. Including the cost of lunch and everyday goods, we’re probably looking at twenty stone coins a day on average. If we handle one task a day, we’re probably looking at a net loss of ten to fifteen stone coins. And we’ve got 132 left at this point... We’d be flat broke in under two weeks. That wasn’t much of a cushion at all. We needed to be completing three or more jobs per day to stay out of the red. If we could split up, it’d probably be possible to pull in more than twenty stone coins doing simple jobs. But if we left Ruijerd by himself, there was a risk his real identity would be exposed. And Eris couldn’t even speak the local language, so she’d have a hard time on her own. She had a short temper too... She might end up getting into fights with her clients. More importantly, we couldn’t spread the word about Ruijerd unless we worked as a group. Once we ranked up, money would be much less of an issue. Monster- slaying tasks were right up Ruijerd and Eris’s alley. Once we could take those, we’d be sitting pretty in no time. That said, jobs of that sort were all rank C or higher. Basically, if we managed to hit rank D within the next two weeks or so, everything would probably be okay. That wasn’t going to be possible if we only took on one task a day though. I’d forgotten to ask how many completed jobs it took before you could rank up, but...at the very least, the guild clearly didn’t let you hop up the ladder just because you were a powerful fighter. They expected everyone to work their way forward step by plodding step. It didn’t help that I wasn’t in the best condition right now. This 119Goldenagato | mp4directs.com probably wasn’t anything serious, but there was a chance Eris or I might come down with some illness I couldn’t cure with basic Detoxification spells. Also, it was hard to know how much we’d need to spend on irregular purchases. We’d have to keep buying hair dye for Ruijerd periodically for one thing. And then there were our clothes. We couldn’t keep wearing the same ones forever. Our outfits were made of durable, high-quality materials, and they didn’t take too long to clean when I used magic to dry them. But doing it that way was bad for the fabric, and they’d eventually get ripped and torn. The earlier we could get some extra sets, the better. Soap would be really nice too. Eris and I had just been wiping ourselves off with a rag soaked in hot water for a while. There were probably all sorts of other basic supplies we’d realize we needed too. Money was going to be an issue. Oh, right. Maybe we could take out a loan or something? There had to be at least a couple moneylenders somewhere in this city, right? No. We probably didn’t want to get into debt if we could help it. Not until we had a clear way to pay it off at least. I guess I could always sell Aqua Heartia, but...that was going to be my last resort. I didn’t want to lose the first birthday present Eris had ever given me. Wow, look at me anguishing over the family budget. Never thought the day would come... As I recalled...in my previous incarnation, I’d been known to ward off my parents’ attempts at discussing money matters by pounding my fists on the floor like an overgrown toddler. Talk about a nauseating memory. I’d have to make an effort to forget about that one. I also found myself remembering the look on Paul’s face when I asked him to pay for both Sylphie and me to attend school together. Also somewhat embarrassing in retrospect. I really had been a bit too casual about money in the past. All right. This isn’t the time to be learning valuable life lessons. Let’s focus, please. What was the most efficient way for us to earn money? Should we try 120Goldenagato | mp4directs.com to complete as many jobs per day as possible? It might be easier to just head out into the plains and hunt monsters for their raw materials, honestly. I didn’t have to get too fixated on the adventurer thing. But if we went that route, we wouldn’t have many chances to build up Dead End’s reputation around the city. Moving up the ladder as adventurers would be the better way to do that. Hitting a high rank would make things easier going forward...and we’d probably get a better price for raw materials going through the Guild too. Could we get ourselves established before our money ran out though? Maybe it’d be smarter to put helping Ruijerd out on hold until our situation was relatively stable? Damn. I’m just going in circles at this point... I couldn’t find a clear-cut answer here. Making money and improving Ruijerd’s reputation at the same time wasn’t going to be easy. Hopefully I can figure something out... Nothing came to mind before I fell asleep, though. *** I was dreaming. In my dream, I found myself in a pure-white void. I could sense I’d reverted into a duller and more pathetic version of myself. Not this again. Sigh... A vaguely obscene-looking little jerk appeared before my eyes. What is it this time? I asked. Can we wrap this up as quickly as possible, please? “You’re as hostile as ever, I see. My advice about relying on Ruijerd worked out for you, didn’t it? He got you to the nearest city safe and sound.” Yeah, I guess. But knowing Ruijerd, he probably would have tagged along and protected us from a distance even if we ran away from him. “Goodness. It certainly sounds like you trust him. Why are you still so suspicious of me then?” 121Goldenagato | mp4directs.com You seriously don’t know the answer to that question? Did you forget the part where you called yourself a god? “Oh well, I suppose it doesn’t really matter. I’ve got some more advice for you, Rudeus.” Fine, fine. Would you please just get it over with? I hate the sound of your voice, and I hate being here too. I hate feeling like the time I spent as Rudeus was just a dream. I hate feeling like I’ve gone right back to being some useless, pathetic loser. If you’re going to make me hear you out, I wish you’d just say your piece upfront. “Somebody’s awfully submissive today.” I’m just going to end up in the palm of your hand no matter what, right? “Don’t be silly, Rudeus. All your choices are entirely your own.” Can you stop prattling on and get to the point? “Oh, all right... Listen carefully, young Rudeus. Take on that task to find the lost pet, and you’ll soon find yourself with much less to worry about...” With the Man-God’s final words echoing in my ears, I felt myself slipping back into unconsciousness. *** When I woke up, it was still the middle of the night. Talk about a bad dream. I’d had about enough of these divine messages, to be honest. The timing here was incredibly suspicious. Pixel-face had picked the perfect moment to take advantage of my uncertainty. Classic evil god stuff really. We totally had a MOCCOS on our hands here. Sighing softly, I looked over to my left. Ruijerd was asleep. For some reason, he’d opted to lean against the far wall with his arms around his spear, rather than occupying his bed. 122Goldenagato | mp4directs.com I looked to my right...and realized Eris was awake as well. She was sitting on her bed, hugging her knees, staring out at the darkness. I rose quietly, walked over, sat down at her side, and looked out the window with her. The moon was out. This world only had one too. “Can’t sleep, huh?” “Yeah,” Eris replied after a momentary pause. She hadn’t taken her eyes off the window. “Hey, Rudeus?” “Yes?” “Do you think we’ll make it home...?” All of a sudden, her voice was painfully anxious. “Oh...” I was ashamed of my own cluelessness. I’d thought Eris was her usual self. I’d thought she wasn’t even nervous. I’d thought she was simply enjoying this situation...our “adventure.” But that wasn’t true at all. She was afraid too. She’d just been hiding it from me. The stress must’ve been building up inside her for days. No wonder she’d gotten into that stupid fight earlier. That should have tipped me off right away, if I weren’t a total moron. “Yes. Absolutely.” I gently wrapped an arm around Eris’s shoulders, and she promptly put her head against my shoulder. 123Goldenagato | mp4directs.com 124Goldenagato | mp4directs.com She hadn’t taken a proper bath in days, so the faint scent wafting from her hair was new to me. It wasn’t unpleasant though. Not at all. Which was kind of a problem, since my rambunctious little buddy began threatening to act up again. Control yourself, Rudeus... Until we make it home, you’re an oblivious protagonist. This wasn’t like the Sylphie thing. There was a reason, however flimsy, that I needed to hold myself back. And in any case, only a scumbag would take advantage of a girl who was feeling this anxious and vulnerable. “Rudeus...you really will figure something out, right...?” “Don’t worry. I’ll get us back home, no matter what it takes.” Oh man, this little lady’s too cute when she gets all meek. No wonder Sauros spoiled her rotten. I wonder what happened to the old man anyway? That flash of light covered the entire Fittoa region, so I guess... Nah, let’s not think about it right now. I’ve got my hands full with my own problems. “Let’s just focus on doing what we can for now, okay? You should get some sleep, too, Eris. Tomorrow’s going to be another busy day.” I patted Eris on the head, got up, and headed back to my own bed. Just as I reached it, my eyes met Ruijerd’s. He’d heard our conversation apparently. That was...somewhat embarrassing. After a moment, though, he just closed his eyes without a word. Man, what a good guy! Paul probably would’ve started mercilessly teasing me on the spot. Ruijerd really was a sweetheart. It’d just be plain wrong to put his problems on the backburner. Speaking of Paul though...I wonder if he’s worried about me or anything? I really ought to send a letter telling him that I was alive and well. Although it was hard to know if it’d actually reach him from way out here. Anyway. Tomorrow we’re hunting someone’s pet, I guess... The Man-God’s motives were still unclear to me. But for this one time, I was willing to follow his advice without giving it too much thought. Our first night as adventurers came to a quiet end—with the air in our 125Goldenagato | mp4directs.com little room still thick with anxiety. 126Goldenagato | mp4directs.com Chapter 9: The First Job: The Value of a Life The Kirib house, located on Rikarisu’s Block Two, was a long, single-story building with four separate entrances. Those who lived there were far from well-off, but they weren’t as desperately poor as those who dwelled in the city’s slums. By the Demon Continent’s standards, they were typical working-class people. Three shadowy figures—two small, one large—were currently approaching this place. Strutting boldly along the street, they made their way to one of the building’s multiple entrances, indifferent to the gazes of those around them. “Hello, miss! We’ve come from the Adventurers’ Guild!” The young boy of the group knocked on the door, calling out in a high-pitched voice to the resident within. There was something unsettling about this. None of the adventurers in this city spoke that politely to anyone. They were a rough, crude bunch by nature. Still, the gentleness of the boy’s voice apparently deceived the resident of this room. The door squeaked open, and a girl of perhaps seven years emerged from within. Her long, lizard-like tail and distinctive forked tongue marked her as a member of the Houga race. The girl’s eyes went wide at the sight of her three unusual visitors, but the boy smiled cheerfully at her. “Hello there! Pleasure to meet you. This is Miss Meicel’s residence, correct?” “Huh? U-uhm...” “Oh, pardon me. My name is Rudeus, miss. Rudeus of Dead End.” “D-Dead End...?” This girl, Meicel, was of course familiar with that name. Everyone knew the story of the monstrous Superd warriors who’d fought so fiercely during the Laplace War 400 years ago, slaughtering friend and foe alike. And 127Goldenagato | mp4directs.com everyone knew that “Dead End” was the strongest and most evil of their number. It was said that none who met him lived to tell the tale. Even those who’d only glimpsed him from a distance said they’d only barely managed to escape with their lives. His name struck terror into the hearts of every resident of the Demon Continent; even brawny adventurers who boasted that they could slay any monster single-handedly would shudder just to hear him mentioned. But Meicel also knew what Dead End was said to look like, and this short, young boy didn’t match that description in the slightest. “We took on your request at the Guild this morning, miss. We’re here to find your lost pet. We were hoping to ask you for the details, if you can spare the time.” The name Dead End was terrifying in itself, and the other two people standing behind the boy were a little intimidating. But he spoke to her so politely that it was hard to stay afraid. And from the sound of things, they were adventurers who’d actually taken on the job she’d posted. “Please... Please find Mii for us.” “Ah, so your pet’s name is Mii? That’s a very cute name, I must say.” “I came up with it myself.” “Oh really? Well, you’ve clearly got a knack for naming things, miss.” This compliment earned the boy a bashful smile. “Now then...do you think you could tell us a bit about Mii maybe?” Meicel described her pet’s appearance, explained that it had disappeared three days ago, added that it hadn’t come back home, clarified that it usually came back when she called for it, and mentioned that it was probably hungry since she hadn’t fed it. It was a rambling, childish monologue. A typical adult may have rolled their eyes at the girl’s babbling and left halfway through; but the young adventurer listened to her with a smile, nodding encouragingly after every heartfelt sentence. “Understood, miss. We’ll go track Mii down right away. Rest assured, you’re in good hands with Dead End!” The boy closed his hand into a fist and stuck his thumb up into the air; for some reason, the other two behind him did the same. Meicel didn’t quite 128Goldenagato | mp4directs.com understand, but she imitated them anyway. Nodding with pleasure, the boy turned around and began walking away. The hooded girl who’d been standing behind him followed; but the taller man of the group squatted down in front of Meicel to pat her gently on the head. “You have my word—we’ll find your pet, Meicel. Be patient just a little longer.” He had a big scar running across his face; there was a jewel on his forehead; and his hair was a strange, spotty blue. It was a little scary to look him in the face...but his hand was warm and gentle. Meicel nodded. “O-okay. I’ll be waiting.” “Don’t worry. We’ll be back before you know it.” As the taller man stood up to take his leave, Meicel called out to him. “Uhm... What’s your name, Mister?” “Ruijerd,” the man replied, then turned and walked off with the others. Blushing faintly, Meicel murmured that name to herself. Rudeus Our first meeting with the client had gone off very nicely, all in all. I’d just been imitating a door-to-door salesman who frequently stopped by my house in my previous life, but it seemed to work better than expected. It was fine for the other adventurers to laugh at us, but we needed our clients to think of us first and foremost as good people. That meant we needed to treat them kindly and politely. “I see you’re capable of playing more than one role,” said Ruijerd as we strode away victorious. “Quite impressive, Rudeus.” “Right back at you, Ruijerd. Your bit at the end there was just perfect.” “My bit at the end? What are you talking about?” “The part where you patted her on the head as you spoke to her, 129Goldenagato | mp4directs.com obviously.” That had been a total ad-lib. I was sweating bullets there for a second, but the results had been very impressive. “Oh, I see. What was so good about that?” Maybe the part where she was gazing up at you with a big blush on her face? Come on, man. I woulda been sorely tempted to kidnap her if I was in your shoes! It wasn’t a good idea to just come out and say that to someone who loved children as much as Ruijerd, though. He probably would’ve spent the next half-hour sternly rebuking me. So instead, I adopted a joking tone of voice and nudged him playfully in the thigh with my elbow. “Heheh. C’mon, Boss. You had that chick wrapped around yer little finger! Eheheh...” Ruijerd smiled dubiously and denied this, his voice a bit uncertain. “Eheheh! Don’t be so modest, Boss! If ya pushed a little harder, that girl woulda been putty in yer—Ow!” I was rudely interrupted by a smack upside the head. I turned to find Eris pouting at me. “Stop laughing like that! Wasn’t that stupid ‘Boss’ stuff supposed to be an act?!” Apparently, she wasn’t a big fan of my leering impression of a lowlife. Ever since the kidnapping, Eris had despised “vulgar” people. Back in Roa, she’d grimaced every time we passed someone dressed like a thug in the street. I was only kidding around with Ruijerd, but I guess she didn’t find it too amusing. “Sorry about that.” “Honestly! You’re a member of the Greyrat family, aren’t you? Don’t be so uncouth!” It took an effort of will not to burst out laughing at that one. Did you hear that, ma’am? Eris just told me off for being “uncouth”! Yes, that Eris! The little lady who used to feel the need to open every door she found by kicking it! She’s certainly grown more refined lately, don’t you think? Still...if she wanted to say things like that to me, shouldn’t she stop getting into barroom brawls with strangers first? Hmm. Hard to say actually. Based on what I’d seen of Sauros, maybe flipping out and punching someone in the face fell within the bounds of acceptable behavior...? No, no. Surely not... 130Goldenagato | mp4directs.com After giving it a moment’s thought, I realized I had no earthly idea where “uncouth” stopped and “couth” began for Asuran nobles. Accordingly, I changed the subject. “In any case, Ruijerd...do you think we can find this pet?” Based on what we’d heard from Meicel, Mii seemed to be a cat. It was black, and had been Meicel’s companion ever since she was very young. It was also likely on the larger side. Meicel had stretched her arms out wide to demonstrate its size; assuming that wasn’t an exaggeration, Mii had to be about as big as a full-grown Shiba Inu, which was pretty remarkable for a house cat. “Of course. I gave the girl my word after all.” With this promisingly decisive declaration, Ruijerd strode forward, taking up the lead. He was moving with confidence, but I was still feeling a little nervous. I knew he had a powerful built-in radar for living things, but it couldn’t be easy to track down one specific animal in a city that was full of them. “Do you have a plan or something?” “Animals move in very predictable ways, Rudeus. Look here.” I peering at the ground where Ruijerd pointed, I could just barely make out the outline of a small pawprint. Talk about impressive. I never would have noticed that in a million years. “So if we follow these tracks, you think we’ll find it?” “No. These are likely from a different animal. The paws of her cat wouldn’t be this small.” True, this did look more like the pawprint of an ordinary or even smallish cat...though I did somewhat suspect the girl may have been overstating Mii’s size somewhat. “Hm. So then...” “It seems like a different cat has been pushing its way into our target’s home territory.” “What? Really?” “It certainly seems that way. Her cat’s scent is fading, so another one’s moved in.” 131Goldenagato | mp4directs.com Wait. Uh...can he actually pick up on the smells they marked their territories with or something? “This way.” Ruijerd had apparently reached some sort of conclusion that he didn’t feel the need to share with us. He strode off down a side street and I quietly tagged along. It felt like we were making progress, although I wasn’t quite sure how. Maybe this was how it felt to be poor old clueless Doctor Watson. No worries, folks! We’ve got the best sleuth on the continent on the case! He’ll track down the criminals with his peerless investigative techniques, knock them flat with Demon-style Baritsu, and squeeze out a confession with a few pointed questions! Make way for Great Detective Ruijerd! “Found it. This is probably the one,” Ruijerd said, pointing at a non- descript section of the street. I couldn’t have told you what he’d “found” or why he felt the need to add on that “probably.” There weren’t any pawprints here that I could see. “Follow me.” Ruijerd set off again at once, moving forward steadily. Without hesitation, he led us through a series of side streets that seemed to get narrower and narrower as we went. If nothing else, these looked like the type of alleys you’d expect a cat to be slinking through. I still had no idea what sort of a trail Ruijerd was following, but...it seemed to be going smoothly so far. “Look at this. There’s signs of a struggle here.” We’d come to a halt in a dead-end alley. Whatever “signs” Ruijerd had found there, they were too subtle for me; I couldn’t see any bloodstains or scratches in the dirt. “This way.” Turning on his heel, Ruijerd took the lead once again. It kind of felt like Eris and I were just along for the ride. Talk about a low-stress job. We passed through a few side streets, cut across a boulevard, and headed into another side street. From there, we made our way into a back alley, then passed onto another side street. And so on, and so forth. After moving briskly through the city’s maze-like streets for some 132Goldenagato | mp4directs.com time, we took a sudden turn into a very different part of town. Everything here was run-down and desolate. The buildings were crude, unpainted, and crumbling from neglect. Some of the men we passed shot us ominous looks; there were people lying sprawled out along the street, and many of the children were in filthy rags. We were in a slum now. The change hadn’t been a gradual one, either. It was more like we’d stumbled right into the heart of it. Within moments, I was on high alert. “Eris, be ready to draw your sword at any time.” “...Why?” “Just to be on the safe side. Also, keep an eye on the people we pass in the street, and try to watch your back.” “Uh...okay!” It felt like a good idea to put Eris on her guard as well. We probably weren’t in much real danger with Ruijerd around, but I didn’t want us slipping up due to complacency. The two of us really ought to protect ourselves. With that thought in mind, I reached into my inner breast pocket and clutched tightly at my money pouch. I didn’t have that much cash to lose, but it would still be a disaster if someone swiped it. “...Tch.” Sometimes, one of the rougher-looking guys we passed would stare menacingly at Ruijerd, but when he glared right back, they tended to click their tongues and look away. In this sort of neighborhood, people who could throw a good punch probably inspired more respect than adventurers. “Is this really where the cat went, Ruijerd?” “We’ll see.” That reply wasn’t particularly reassuring. We weren’t just wandering around aimlessly here, were we? No, no. Ruijerd’s just being his tight-lipped self. I’m sure he’s got us on the right track. Let’s just keep telling ourselves that. We ended up walking through the slums for some time, but eventually Ruijerd drew up short in front of a certain building. “This is it right here.” 133Goldenagato | mp4directs.com A crude flight of stairs in front of us led down to a nondescript door. It looked like the entrance to some underground bar inhabited by punk-rockers with weird haircuts. But there wasn’t any thumping music floating up from below, or bald guys with sunglasses standing by the door to keep an eye on the clientele. On the other hand, there was a thick animal stench coming from down there—the sort of smell you might catch a whiff of while walking past a big pet shop. In a less literal sense, you could practically smell crime in the air. “How many people are inside there, Ruijerd?” “None. There are a large number of animals, however.” “All right then. Shall we?” If there was no one in there right now, there was no reason to hesitate. The door at the bottom of the stairs was locked, naturally, but I opened it easily enough with a bit of Earth magic. Shooting a quick glance around the area to make sure no one was watching, I slipped in, waited for Ruijerd and Eris to follow, then closed and locked the door from the inside. Kind of felt like we were burglars or something. At a glance, all I could see was a long, dark corridor stretching out in front of us. “Can you keep an eye out behind us, Eris?” “No problem.” Presumably Ruijerd would know if anyone came in after us, but it couldn’t hurt to be extra careful. The three of us moved deeper into the building, with Ruijerd in the lead once again. A single door at the end of the main corridor opened into a small room, with another door at its far end. As we passed through this second door, a deafening chorus of animal cries instantly filled the air. We’d reached the room at the very back of the building. It was absolutely packed with cages. There were countless animals locked up in here—cats, dogs, and a 134Goldenagato | mp4directs.com wide variety of creatures I’d never even seen before, all crammed into a space about the size of a high school classroom. “What is this?” Eris said, her voice trembling. My first thoughts were roughly along those lines as well...but it also occurred to me that given the number of animals in here, there was a good chance the one we were looking for was among them. “Ruijerd, is the cat in here?” “Yes,” he responded instantly. “That’s the one.” He was pointing at something that looked very much like a black panther. The thing was huge. Absolutely huge. It had to be twice as big as Meicel had indicated with her arms. “U-uh, is that seriously the one we’re looking for?” “Of course it is. Look at its collar.” The beast did, in fact, have a collar. And the name “Mii” was, in fact, printed on it. “Wow. I guess...it really is Mii, huh?” Technically, we’d now completed our task. Once we took this panther out of its cage and dragged it back to the little girl, we were done. That said, uh...what about all these other guys? There were quite a few of them with collars around their neck or bracelets on their legs, and some of those had names written on them. In other words, a whole bunch of these animals were obviously pets. I’d also noticed a big, careless pile of ropes and things that looked like muzzles in one corner of the room. The ropes, in particular, seemed to suggest some capturing had been going on here. Was someone snatching unique pets off the street and selling them off to other people, maybe? It seemed like a perfectly plausible scheme. I had no idea if there were any specific laws about this sort of thing in this world, but it had to be some sort of crime... I mean, it was a form of theft, at the very least. 135Goldenagato | mp4directs.com “Mm...” Suddenly, Ruijerd turned his head back toward the entrance. Eris reacted at almost exactly the same time. “Someone’s come in after us.” The animals were making such a racket that I personally hadn’t heard a thing. Ruijerd aside, I was genuinely impressed Eris had even noticed. That said, what were we going to do about this? It wouldn’t take much time for them to get here from the entrance. Was running an option? No, not really—the only way out was through that corridor. “Okay. Let’s capture them, I guess.” I didn’t really consider the option of just talking things over. We’d broken into this place like a bunch of thieves after all. It did seem to be a crime scene, but there was still a possibility it had some legitimate purpose, which would make us the criminals here. Right now, we needed to take these people into custody. If they were good guys, we could cajole them into keeping quiet about this, and if they were bad guys, we could punch them until they promised not to talk. *** A few minutes later, I was standing over three people—two men, one woman—who were lying unconscious on the floor in a corner of the room. After restraining them with handcuffs I made using Earth magic, I splashed some water on their faces to wake them. One of the men immediately began yelping and yowling, so I promptly gagged him with a rag that was lying nearby. The other two kept quiet, but I ended up gagging both of them as well. It was better to be fair and impartial with these things. “...Hm.” With all this done, I found myself pondering a certain question: How exactly did it come to this? I mean, we’d taken on a simple E-rank job to find a lost cat. Nothing too dramatic. Ruijerd said he could handle it, so I had him take charge, and 136Goldenagato | mp4directs.com ended up following him into some sort of slum. In said slum, we broke into a building with tons of animals inside it. At which point we found ourselves taking multiple people captive...which was absolutely not what we were here to do. This had to be the Man-God’s fault, right? He obviously foresaw this happening. What a headache. I really should have gone with some other job. ...Anyway, let’s take a careful look at our captives. Man A: Orange skin. Compound eyes like a fly, with no whites. He was kind of gross to look at. This was the one who’d started squawking like a cicada when I woke them. He seemed like something of a crude customer...the sort of guy who’d be good in a bar fight. I was pretty sure I’d seen a picture of his race in Roxy’s dictionary, but I couldn’t quite recall what they were called. Their saliva was apparently poisonous; I remember wondering if they could even kiss each other. Man B: This one had a lizard head, slightly different in shape and coloration from the snake-face we’d run into at the city’s front gate. Given his reptilian features, it was hard to read his expression. But I could see intelligence in his eyes, and that made me wary of him. Woman A: Another bug-eye type. Her head looked something like a bee’s, but I could still tell she was pretty frightened at the moment. I guess her face was in the “gross” category, too, but she had a nice figure, which basically cancelled that out. Well then. We’re not going to make any progress if I just stand here staring at them. Time for a little chat... No, no, let’s be honest. This is going 137Goldenagato | mp4directs.com to be an interrogation. Who to start with, though? Who was going to spit out information more willingly, the woman or one of the men? The woman was definitely afraid. If I threatened her a little, there was a chance she may tell me everything right away. Then again, women were known to lie. Some of them were perfectly capable of telling you ridiculous, incoherent nonsense to get themselves out of trouble. Okay, so probably not all women were like that, of course, but my big sister sure as hell was. It used to make me so angry that I’d have a hard time figuring out what the actual truth was. Maybe I’d start with one of the men instead. How about Man A? He was the bulkiest of the group and had a scar on his face... Looked like their best fighter. He was also agitated at the moment. Probably wasn’t the sharpest tool in the shed, judging from the way he was shouting, “Who the hell are you people?” and, “Take these damn handcuffs off me!” before I gagged him. Or Man B? It was hard to read much from his face, but he seemed to be observing the three of us carefully. That meant he wasn’t stupid. And if he wasn’t stupid, he probably had a few good lies worked out in advance in case something like this ever happened. So, I decided to go with Man A. It was easier to manipulate someone who’d lost their cool. With a little prodding and a bit of provocation, he’d probably slip up and tell me everything I wanted to know. And hey, if it didn’t work out, we could always try the other two. “I’ve got a few questions I want you to answer.” When I removed Man A’s gag, he glared fiercely up at me...but didn’t say a word. “If you tell us what we want to know, we won’t need to get rough wi— bluh?!” Halfway through my sentence, the guy actually kicked me. I’d been squatting down to talk to him, so the blow knocked me totally off balance. Launched backward, I rolled across the floor, only stopping when the back of 138Goldenagato | mp4directs.com my head smacked into the wall. Stars flashed across my field of vision. Ow! Dammit! Seriously, though, how stupid was this guy? Why would you kick someone who’s already got you captured? He must not have even considered what may happen if he made us angry. “Huh? H-hey, what th... Stop it!” That was Eris’s voice. I jumped to my feet in a blind panic. Had Man A slipped out of his handcuffs while I was thinking things over and somehow taken Eris hostage before Ruijerd could react? “Wha—” Nope, Eris was fine. Couldn’t say the same for Man A, though. Ruijerd had stuck his spear through the guy’s throat. Eris was just looking on, her eyes wide with shock. Ruijerd twisted his trident sideways as he pulled it back; blood arced through the air and splattered against the wall. The force spun Man A around briefly before he fell face-down to the floor. Blood was pouring from his throat. A dark stain crawled slowly across his back, and a red puddle spread out underneath him. The metallic stench was sickening. With one final, reflexive twitch, the man stopped moving. He was dead. He’d died without saying a single word. Ruijerd had murdered him in cold blood. “Wh... Why... Why did you kill him?” I asked, conscious of the fact that my voice was shaking. This wasn’t the first time I’d seen a person die. Ghislaine had killed to save me and Eris after all. But this was different somehow. For some reason, I was trembling. For some reason, I was deeply afraid. Why? What’s got me so scared? The fact that a man had died? Ridiculous. People died all the time in this world, for the most trivial of reasons. I was well aware of that. Maybe it was just because I’d never seen it happen up close and personal before? But in that case, why didn’t I react this way when Ghislaine killed those men during that kidnapping incident? 139Goldenagato | mp4directs.com “Because he kicked a child,” Ruijerd said, his voice calm and indifferent. He’d spoken like a man answering the world’s most obvious question. Ah, right. Now I get it. I’m not afraid because I just saw someone die. I’m afraid...because Ruijerd killed that man...without a second thought...just because he kicked me. I’m afraid of Ruijerd. Roxy had warned me, hadn’t she? “...there are many differences in what’s commonly accepted in human culture versus demon culture, so you might not know what words will trigger an outburst.” So what was I going to do if Ruijerd ever turned his wrath on me? The man was strong; as strong as Ghislaine, or even stronger. Was it possible for me to beat him with my magic? I could probably put up a fight at least. I’d worked out multiple strategies for head-to-head fights against close-range combat specialists. For whatever reason, many of the people in my life fell into that category...including Paul, Ghislaine, and Eris. And Ruijerd was probably the single strongest of them. It was hard for me to say with any confidence that I could take him. But if I were fighting to kill from the very start, there were plenty of things I could try. What if he went after Eris, though? Could I possibly protect her as well? No. Not a chance. “Y-you can’t kill someone just for that!” “Why not? The man was evil.” Ruijerd was wide-eyed at my flustered objection. He seemed genuinely and totally bewildered. “Well...” How could I possibly explain this? What did I want from Ruijerd here? In the first place, why was it an issue that he’d killed that man? I didn’t really have a standard sense of morality. Back when I was a shut-in loser, I’d snorted with disdain at preachy phrases like, “it’s wrong to kill.” Hell, I’d barely felt anything when my own parents died. I knew things were going to get rough for me, but at the same time, my general attitude was pure Crystal Boy: “To hell with that crap, dumbass! I’m jackin’ off!” 140Goldenagato | mp4directs.com Needless to say, if I tried to feed Ruijerd some cookie-cutter ethical argument, it was going to come out weak and unconvincing. “Look, there’s...a very good reason...you shouldn’t go around killing people.” Okay, I’m pretty shaken up. Let’s acknowledge that. I’m kind of freaking out. I’m kind of freaking out, but I’m still going to think this through. First of all, why was I trembling? Because I was scared. Because I’d seen Ruijerd, who always seemed like such a kind-hearted guy, kill a man without even blinking. I’d thought the Superd were a peaceful people who’d simply been misunderstood. That clearly wasn’t the case. I didn’t know about his tribe as a whole, but at the very least, Ruijerd was a killer. He’d been killing his enemies ever since the Laplace War era; this murder was just another typical entry in a long, long list. I couldn’t say for certain he’d never turn his spear on Eris or me. I wasn’t the sort of pure-hearted, honest person who could earn Ruijerd’s respect. Someday, somehow, I’d probably end up getting on his bad side. It was one thing if he got angry at me. Since we had different ways of thinking, sometimes our opinions would diverge—that was just inevitable. We’d probably get into fights every once in a while. That said, I wasn’t planning to fight him to the death. No matter what the situation, our disagreements couldn’t escalate into violence. I had to make Ruijerd understand that...here and now, before it was too late. “Please...listen carefully, Ruijerd.” Problem was, I still couldn’t find the right words. What was I supposed to say, damn it? How could I make him understand? Should I just plead with him not to kill the two of us at least? Now you’re just being stupid. Just the other day, I’d convinced Ruijerd that I was a warrior, fighting with him as an equal. I wasn’t under his protection; I was his comrade. I couldn’t start pleading with him now. A flat “cut it out” wasn’t going to work either. I needed to come up with something that would actually convince him, 141Goldenagato | mp4directs.com or this would be completely pointless. Think, man. Why is Ruijerd with you in the first place? He wants everyone to know the Superd aren’t really bloodthirsty devils. And if he goes around killing people, he’s only going to make their reputation worse. That...sounded right. It was the same reason I’d told him to avoid fights with other adventurers. The public already had an awful impression of his people; no matter how many good deeds he did to change that, all his progress would go down the drain if people saw Ruijerd commit a murder. Everyone would revert to their original assumptions about his kind. Okay, this was why he couldn’t kill people. We didn’t want everyone getting the impression that the Superd were a tribe of mindless beasts, right? “If you keep killing people, it’s going to make the reputation of the Superd even worse.” “...Even if the people that I kill are evil?” “It doesn’t matter who. If you’re killing anyone, that’s a problem.” I was speaking deliberately now, and choosing my words with care. “I don’t understand, Rudeus.” “When a Superd kills someone, it’s not viewed the same way as when someone else does it. It’s the equivalent of being slain by a monster.” Ruijerd scowled a bit at that. I guess it sounded like I was badmouthing his people. “...I still don’t understand. Why would that be the case?” “Everyone thinks of you as part of a tribe of vicious devils. They think you’re maniacs who kill at the drop of the hat, over even the slightest provocation.” Okay, this did sound harsh...but then again, it really was the general consensus. Our goal was to change that. “It’s easy to go around telling people that the Superd aren’t really monsters. But if you prove the rumors untrue through your actions, you might start changing a ton of minds.” “...” “On the other hand, you’ll ruin everything if you start killing people. Everyone will assume they were right about your race all along.” 142Goldenagato | mp4directs.com “Surely that isn’t true.” “Is this really not ringing any bells, Ruijerd? Have you ever helped some people out and started getting friendly with them, only to have them suddenly turn on you?” “...I have.” At this point, I could feel my argument finally coming together. “Well, here’s the thing. If you don’t kill anyone at all from now on...” “Yes?” “Everyone will realize that the Superd are normal, rational people.” Was that really true? Would simply refraining from murder be enough to convince the people of this world that his tribe was reasonable? This wasn’t the time to think about it. I wasn’t wrong either way. Ruijerd had obviously killed too many people. The general populace thought the Superd were killers by their very nature. But if he stopped killing, we had a chance to change their minds. It was logical enough, wasn’t it? “If you care about your tribe...don’t kill any more people, Ruijerd. Not a single one.” Normally, you had to make judgment calls about these things. Killing might ordinarily be wrong, but in certain circumstances, it could be justified or even necessary. But I didn’t know the standards by which the residents of this world made those calls, and Ruijerd’s personal criteria were probably... extreme. The man didn’t give you any room for error, and it was hard to know where he drew the line. In that case, it was simplest and safest to just forbid him from killing altogether. “What if no one’s watching? Wouldn’t it be all right then?” I had to fight a powerful urge to face-palm. What was he, a grade school kid? Had this guy seriously been alive for 500 years? “You may think no one’s watching, but people see things anyway.” “There’s no one else in this building, I assure you.” Ah, crap. Right. He’s got that stupid eye on his forehead. “There was still someone watching, Ruijerd.” 143Goldenagato | mp4directs.com “From where?” Right here, man. “Eris and I saw the whole thing, didn’t we?” “Hm...” “Don’t kill anyone from now on, please. We don’t want to be afraid of you, either.” “...Very well then.” In the end, I’d basically resorted to the “teary-eyed plea” approach. My words didn’t sound entirely convincing, even to myself. Still, Ruijerd nodded, and that was all that mattered. “Thank you, Ruijerd.” I bowed my head to him in gratitude, and noticed that my hands were shaking. Calm down. This sort of thing happens all the time. Deeeep breaths. “Hoo... haa... hoo... haa...” It was proving difficult to calm myself. My heart didn’t want to stop racing. I shot a glance over at Eris, wondering how she was handling all this; to my surprise, she didn’t look afraid in the slightest. The look on her face basically said, “You startled me a little there, but I guess a piece of trash like that deserved to die.” Okay, maybe she wasn’t actually thinking anything quite that cruel. But she was standing in her typical pose: arms folded, feet wide apart, chin in the air. If the girl was shaken up, she was doing her best not to let it show. And here I was, freaking out for everyone to see. Talk about pathetic. My hands finally stopped trembling. “All right. Let’s get back to the questioning, shall we?” Trying to ignore the smell of blood still hanging in the air, I forced myself to smile. 144Goldenagato | mp4directs.com Chapter 10: The First Job Completed Now then...time for a little interrogation. Who should I try first, the man or the woman? The bug-eyed lady was clearly terrified at this point. She was making muffled “Mmm!” sounds and trying desperately to squirm away from us. It was kind of titillating, to be honest... but let’s put that aside for now. If I took off her gag now, I had the feeling she’d start babbling a bunch of frantic nonsense. Seemed smarter to wait until she’d calmed down a little. As for the lizard-man... I couldn’t really tell if his expression had changed much, what with the reptilian face and all. It did kind of look like he may have gone a little pale, but it also seemed like he was watchfully observing his surroundings. His eyes flitted from Eris’s face to Ruijerd’s, then to mine. I had the feeling his mind was completely focused on the question of how he could get out of this alive. It really was a shame Ruijerd had killed their buddy. A short-tempered tough guy like that would’ve been the easiest nut to crack by far. At this point, maybe we should just take off both their gags at once? We could take one of them into a different room, interrogate them separately, then compare their answers afterward. Yeah, let’s give that a shot. “Eris, stay here and keep watch on the woman for us, okay?” “Got it,” Eris answered with an energetic nod. I pulled the lizard-man to his feet and promptly marched him out of the room. Once we were far enough down the corridor that our voices wouldn’t carry back to his friend, I stopped and removed his gag, making sure not to give him any chance to bite me. “I’ve got some questions I’d like you to answer.” “Sure, sure! I-I’ll tell you whatever you want to know! Just don’t kill me!” 145Goldenagato | mp4directs.com “Fair enough. As long as you talk, I’ll let you go.” “Eek!” I’d smiled brightly in an attempt to reassure him, but for some reason the lizard-man flinched back in fear. Maybe he wasn’t quite as cool-headed as I’d originally thought. “Why do you have so many animals caged up in this building?” “We...p-picked ’em up off the street.” “Hmm! That’s really impressive! And where did you find them all exactly?” “Uh, well, I mean...” The man’s eyes darted between Ruijerd’s face and mine. Was he really planning to continue lying at this point? “J-Just... around town...” Okay, that barely even qualified as a lie. The guy had a clever-looking face, but maybe he wasn’t that bright after all. “Wow, no kidding! There must be animals lying around for the taking all over the place, huh?” I paused for a moment, then fixed him with my fiercest glare. ”Look, buddy. Do you think I’m stupid just because I’m a kid?” “No, no! N-not at all!” Yeah, that didn’t really work. With this body, any attempt at intimidation seemed to come out kind of ridiculous. I was only ten years old, after all. Ah well. Guess I’ll have to scare him a bit. “Explosion.” With a sharp snap of my fingers, I set off a small fiery blast right in front of the man’s face. “Gaaah! Yowch!” It singed the tip of his nose nicely. “Wh-what the heck are you doing, man?!” Naturally, I chose to ignore this question. “Do us both a favor and think a little harder about your answers. You don’t want to die, right?” The lizard-man shuddered, presumably remembering the moment Ruijerd murdered his partner. 146Goldenagato | mp4directs.com At this point, it finally occurred to me that our whole conversation back there had been in the Demon-God tongue. I had blathered on about Ruijerd and the Superd in a language these people could obviously speak. Ah well. If they know, they know. Might as well try and use that to our advantage. “This is no joke. My friend here’s dying his hair blue, but he really is the one and only Dead End. And I’m not as young as I look either.” “S-seriously...?” “We’re the same type of people as you guys, all right? Just be honest with us. Maybe we can even help you out.” Maybe not, but let’s see what happens. “B-but... Eeek!” The lizard-man glanced over at Ruijerd, only to look away immediately. He’d probably gotten a nasty glare. “Come on, just spit it out already. What were you doing here?” “We... We were catching people’s pets...” “You don’t say. Why was that?” “We’d wait until their owners filed a request...then bring the pets back and act like we’d just found ’em...” “Hmm. I see.” It was probably the truth. I didn’t have any proof of that; it just made sense and seemed consistent with everything we’d seen. The request that brought us here was filed by an innocent young girl, but you’d probably get the occasional wealthy lady desperate to find her little poopsie Christine. Although guild tasks seemed to pay out within a set range depending on their difficulty, maybe clients like that sometimes offered special bonuses on the side. With a bit of luck, you might be able to make a good living “finding” pets all day. “What do you do if the owner never files a request though?” “After a while, we just let the things go...” “Hmm. Why not sell them to a pet shop for some extra profit?” “Hah! That’d be a great way to get ourselves caught, kid.” The instant the lizard-man snorted derisively at me, Ruijerd struck the 147Goldenagato | mp4directs.com floor with the butt-end of his spear. Our captive flinched back at the sound. Beautiful, man! Seriously beautiful! Just when the guy starts to feel a little cocky, you remind him exactly where he stands here! You’re a born interrogator! “Sounds like you had this racket all worked out, huh?” “Y-yeah, pretty much.” “Personally, though, I still would’ve turned the extra animals into money. You could always chop them up and sell the meat to a butcher, right? No real risk of getting caught that way.” I mean, people seemed to enjoy eating monster flesh around here. They’d probably be just fine buying mystery meat from some miscellaneous animals. Oh. Now the lizard-man’s looking at me like I’m some kind of serial killer. Come on! People eat Great Tortoises around here, don’t they? How’s a pet turtle any different? I turned back to glance at Ruijerd, hoping for confirmation that I wasn’t crazy. “Rudeus,” he said solemnly, “do you intend to dispose of these people in the same way?” What an alarming question. At least our captive’s reaction made sense now. He’d probably been wondering something similar himself. “Hmm, now there’s an idea...” The lizard-man’s face twitched as I smiled ominously at him. Ah, now this expression I could recognize. It really brought me back. People used to look at me that way all the time in my first go-round. “Rudeus...” Ruijerd, please. You don’t have to glare holes in my back like that. I’m just kidding around, okay? I wouldn’t actually do that. “Well, we only came out here to find a specific cat. It’s not like we’re a roaming band of vigilantes or anything. We could always walk away and pretend we didn’t see anything.” “R-really?” 148Goldenagato | mp4directs.com “Only problem is, you two know that Ruijerd here really is a Superd. Hmm. Now what are we going to do about that?” “I-I won’t tell anyone! Hell, it’s not like anyone would even believe me if I told ’em Dead End was wandering around the city!” “I don’t think that’s true. Ugly rumors always find a way to get around.” It’s best to assume that anyway. Especially when it’s a rumor you don’t want spreading. “From my perspective, the single easiest thing would be to kill you all and bury your bodies somewhere, you know?” “C-come on, man, don’t talk like that... I’ll do anything you want, okay? Just don’t kill me...” Those were the words I’d been waiting to hear. Time to wrap up the intimidation phase. Hmm. What am I going to do here though? These people were petnappers, which made them criminals, a.k.a. “bad guys.” But they were clearly small-time crooks with no connections to the local underworld. Letting them off the hook wouldn’t put us in any real danger. That said, they’d seen Ruijerd kill a man, which meant they may eventually disrupt our plan to make him into a local hero. I’d really prefer not to have that risk hanging over our heads. Murdering them in cold blood was off the table. I mean, I’d just given Ruijerd a lecture on this very topic. Maybe I could hand them over to the city watch or whatever? No. All they’d really done was steal a bunch of pets, and that was hardly the gravest of crimes. The cops might let them off with a big fine or something, and they’d be right back out on the streets, possibly nursing a grudge. No matter how submissive they were being right now, once my foot was off their throat all bets were off. Ideally, I wanted to keep them somewhere I could keep an eye on them...and periodically threaten them again. At least until I knew they weren’t going to cause us any problems. But that would carry certain risks as well. If we kept leaning on them, their resentment might fester into hatred. We’d already killed one of their friends after all. For now that was fueling their fear of us, but someday it might drive them to try and take revenge. 149Goldenagato | mp4directs.com We couldn’t kill them...and we couldn’t hand them over to the cops. How about taking them in then? That would keep them close at hand, and they could help us earn money and rise up the ranks. We’d make them gather information around town and run random errands for us. Hell, we could even take over their pet abduction racket. Of course, Ruijerd probably wouldn’t like this plan one bit. He’d already classified these people as villains, evil enough that they deserved to die. Somehow, I doubted he’d want to work with them. Hmm. Let’s run down the risk and return of all our options: 1. Murder them RISK: Ruijerd will get seriously confused. We might pick up a bad habit of killing our way out of trouble. RETURN: Prevents any potential future problems. We can take whatever cash they’re carrying. 2. Hand them over to the city watch RISK: They might hold a grudge. RETURN: A bit of good PR, maybe? 3. Leave them be RISK: They might hold a grudge. RETURN: Nothing in particular. 4. Take them in RISK: Won’t go over well with my buddy. People might think we’re involved in some shady business. RETURN: Easy way to keep an eye on them. Provides us with some extra help. Number one was easy to eliminate. It felt like we’d be heading down the wrong road. I wasn’t a soft-hearted sap or anything, but murdering people left and right would just be foolish. I had the feeling it’d come back to bite us 150Goldenagato | mp4directs.com in the end. Numbers two and three were low-risk, low-return plays. Even if our new friends did try to get revenge on us somehow, Ruijerd could track them down easily enough...but then we’d probably end up killing them anyway. That would be a lousy outcome and a waste of effort. Number four seemed like the winner then. It might ruin Ruijerd’s impression of me, but...putting everything else aside, we also had a pressing need for money at the moment. Yeah, that’s right. Money has to be our top priority right now, doesn’t it? And some extra help should make that much easier. Helping out with their pet-abduction racket was an option, but we could also add them to our party, then split up to tackle multiple F-rank jobs at once. That would move us up the ranks faster, and moving up the ranks was huge. Once we could take on rank C tasks, our lives would get so much easier. ...Hm? Wait a second. “Come to think of it, if you guys were taking lost-pet jobs, wouldn’t that make you adventurers?” “Y-yeah, that’s right.” Oh, hey! Us too! What a coincidence. “What’s your party rank?” “Uh, D...” Not only were they adventurers, they were a couple rungs up the ladder from us. “So you’re doing rank E tasks even though you’re rank D?” “Yeah. We could go up to C at this point, actually, but the lost-pet stuff was steady money, you know?” Once you hit rank C, you weren’t allowed to take on rank E tasks anymore. Maybe some people deliberately stayed put at D so they could keep working simpler and safer jobs...or so they could keep running a scam, in this specific case. If we were in their shoes, we’d jump up to C immediately and start grabbing B-ranked monster-slaying missions, but maybe some adventurers preferred avoiding combat altogether. 151Goldenagato | mp4directs.com Hm. Maybe we could have these two take some C-rank jobs, then help them out with the fighting part? Even if we split the money evenly between us, that should solve our cash-flow crisis. No, no...we’d never move up the ranks that way. “Ah...” All of a sudden, a light bulb went off in my head. I’d just found the perfect solution. “Hey, could you two keep doing this job without the guy who died?” “N-nah, we’ll just quit this racket and go legit...” “Be honest, please.” “Yeah, we could! That guy saw the two of us catching a pet and blackmailed us into giving him a cut!” Whoa, seriously? Guess we got lucky... It was a one in three chance, but Ruijerd apparently killed the right guy. Maybe the Man-God was watching out for us or something. “Okay then. Why don’t you team up with us?” “You want to join forces with them?!” Ruijerd shouted from behind me. “You can’t be serious!” “Ruijerd, can you be quiet for a minute, please?” “What?!” “Don’t worry. I know what I’m doing here.” I turned back for a moment. Unsurprisingly, Ruijerd was looking none too pleased. The idea sure felt like a good one, but maybe I needed to reconsider. It was just so...perfect though. We could earn money, increase our rank, and work on Ruijerd’s reputation, all at the same time. Yeah. Unless I was overlooking something, there was nothing but upsides all around. I turned back to the lizard-man and looked him in the eyes. “You said you’d do anything I want earlier, right?” “S-sure. I can g-give you money, if you want. Just don’t kill us...” “I don’t need your money. But I do want you to rank up at the guild.” 152Goldenagato | mp4directs.com “Uh, what?” Okay, let’s explain this nice and slowly. “Look. Everyone in our party is a combat specialist, as you can probably tell. We can hunt down lost pets if we need to, but it’d be way more efficient for us to go out on monster-slaying jobs.” “Yeah, I bet... S-so, er...why are you on a lost-pet job right now?” “It’s a bit of a long story, but we only just became adventurers.” “Uh, o-okay...” It felt like we were starting to get a bit off-topic here. “Anyway! The point is, we want to take on combat jobs, but our rank’s too low. You guys, on the other hand, aren’t really capable of slaying monsters. You follow me so far?” “Y-yeah...” “Well, here’s a nice, simple solution. We’re going to start swapping jobs.” The lizard-man tilted his head to the side in puzzlement. “What do you mean?” “You two are going to take on C- or B-rank monster-slaying missions at the guild. We’re going to grab more lost-pet type jobs so we can get our rank up. We’ll handle your jobs for you, and you’ll handle our jobs for us.” “W-wait a second, what? The guild isn’t gonna let you turn in our job for us...” “Don’t be stupid. The party that took the task will also be the one to report in once it’s complete.” “Ah...” I could see comprehension dawning in the lizard-man’s eyes. The concept was simple enough really: DEAD END: Takes E-rank jobs; performs B-rank jobs Reports in on E-rank jobs and receives the rewards 153Goldenagato | mp4directs.com THEIR PARTY: Takes B-rank jobs; performs E-rank jobs Reports in on B-rank jobs and receives the rewards Afterward, of course, we’d meet up and swap the rewards we’d received. There might be some issues with the concept in terms of the guild’s regulations, but I’d heard high-ranking adventurers sometimes helped out low-ranking newbies with their tasks. We’d just be doing the opposite, more or less. It probably wasn’t against the letter of the law. “We want money and a higher rank. You people want to make a nice, steady living. Seems like we can help each other out, right? We’ll even give you a cut of the B-rank rewards as your commission, if you want.” “A c-commission, huh...?” The lizard man swallowed audibly. B-rank jobs paid out nicely. This was the carrot we’d dangle in front of them; we couldn’t rely entirely on the stick, or they’d betray us eventually. Our arrangement had to be a sweet deal for everyone involved. “However, there is one condition.” “Wh-what’s that?” “You need to spread the word about Dead End all over town.” “What...? Uh, I think everyone already knows the name...” Sure seemed that way. “Yeah, but we want them to think he’s a nice guy. Tell everyone about our good deeds, even if you have to make stuff up. You can even call yourselves ‘Dead End’ while you’re dealing with random F-rank jobs.” “Is there...some point to all this?” There certainly was, but...if we gave this guy a long explanation of Ruijerd’s tragic past, was he even going to buy it? No, probably not. He’d just witnessed Ruijerd kill a member of his party in cold blood. It didn’t sound like the two of them had been too friendly, but his impression of the Superd was probably set in stone at this point. 154Goldenagato | mp4directs.com “There are some things you’re better off not knowing, friend.” “F-fine... Fine, whatever.” I ended up going with a half-assed non-answer, but the guy accepted it readily enough. “Basically, you just want us to talk you up, right?” “Exactly. Make sure you don’t use our name in a way we wouldn’t like, of course. Keep in mind, we’ve got a guy who could track you down to the ends of the earth.” The lizard-man glanced fearfully over at Ruijerd and nodded several times. “All right then,” I said. “Looking forward to working with you, friend...at least until we get our rank up.” “R-right. Sure.” “Let’s meet up tomorrow morning at the guild. Don’t be late.” With a smile, I thumped the lizard-man on the back. Just to be on the safe side, we questioned the woman as well to see if her story lined up with her friend’s. According to her, the two of them were lost-pet specialists before they became criminals. It had been their livelihood for some time. One day, they’d preemptively scooped up an animal that was clearly a lost pet, which got them thinking about how much easier their jobs would be if they could catch their targets before the requests were filed. Things escalated over time, and eventually they found themselves in the pet-capturing business. At first, it had been a small-scale operation, but then Man A caught them red-handed in the middle of an abduction. He’d forced his way into the party as their “bodyguard,” started acting like the leader, and quickly ramped up their activities. Apart from taking a huge cut of the profits for himself, he’d also coerced the woman into sleeping with him as part of his “fee.” As a result, they weren’t too upset with us for killing them. Especially the woman. We really had gotten lucky. Incidentally, the lizard-man’s name was Jalil, and the bug-lady was 155Goldenagato | mp4directs.com Vizquel. After a quick group meeting with both of them, I finally removed their handcuffs. *** As we left the building with our client’s cat, Ruijerd glared over at me and broke his silence. “Rudeus! What’s the meaning of this?!” “The meaning of...what, exactly?” At this, he grabbed me by the lapels, lifting me a few inches off the ground. “Don’t play dumb! Those people are villains! Do you really expect me to join forces with them?!” Okay. The man was genuinely furious. His face was...scary to look at right now. I couldn’t help remembering the fact that he’d casually killed a man only a little while ago. “W-well, granted, they’re not great people. But they’re only small-time crooks...they weren’t doing anything that evil.” “A villain is a villain! The scale of their evil is irrelevant!” I’d known this was coming, hadn’t I? For some reason, my legs were still shaking. My voice was trembling, and there were small tears forming in the corner of my eyes. “B-but look, this lets us kill two birds with one stone...” “What does that matter?!” Ruijerd really wasn’t buying this, was he? This wasn’t good. I was too afraid to think straight. The chattering of my teeth echoed loudly through my head. “Villains will betray you in the end!” Ruijerd shouted, his eyes narrowing. It was true. I’d taken that possibility into account. But this plan offered some juicy benefits from their perspective, and we’d just scared them pretty badly. It probably wasn’t going to be a problem in the short term. 156Goldenagato | mp4directs.com “What were you thinking? Why must we conspire with such people?!” Now that question...gave me pause. The man had a point. It wasn’t like we had to join forces with those two. We could always have taken things at a more leisurely pace—taking on tasks from the guild when we could, hunting monsters outside the city when we needed cash, and slowly moving up the ranks. That was a perfectly viable alternative. And it wouldn’t involve relying on some shady people. It would be a bit of a detour, but that wasn’t the end of the world. Maybe this was a bad idea. Should we call it off, turn around, and kill those two right now? Have ourselves a nice bloodbath? Was I even in the right here? I wasn’t so sure anymore. “Ruijerd!” At this point, my inner debate was interrupted by a fierce shout. Ruijerd’s body swayed once, then twice. “Get your hands off Rudeus!” Eris was kicking him in the backside...repeatedly. “What are you even complaining about anyway?!” Her voice was loud enough to make my ears ring. A few passersby looked over in our direction, wondering what all the fuss was about. “I dislike the idea of joining forces with a pair of villains.” “Oh, boo-hoo! So what if you don’t like it? He’s doing this for your sake, stupid! And mine!” Ruijerd’s eyes went wide, and my feet thumped back down onto the ground. Eris promptly stopped kicking him, but she wasn’t quite done with the shouting. “In the first place, what’s the big deal about them stealing a couple animals?!” “You misunderstand me. The sort of people who would kick a child can’t be—“ “Oh, come on! I kick people all the time!” “...Still, evil-doers can’t be trusted.” “You did some evil things in the past yourself, didn’t you?!” 157Goldenagato | mp4directs.com Well, now she had him at a loss for words. Miss Eris... I’m very grateful that you’re sticking up for me here, but maybe we shouldn’t poke the guy too hard where it hurts... “Rudeus is really smart, okay?! He’s gonna make everything work out fine! So just...shut up and do what he says!” “...” “Don’t start whining every time you feel a little bit unhappy!” “But—” “If you’re going to complain about every little thing, then just go home now! Rudeus and I can manage on our own!” Ruijerd faltered, taken aback by the raw emotion on Eris’s face. “...Very well. I’m sorry, Rudeus.” He apologized to me after a moment. The man had been overwhelmed by Eris’s vehemence. But that didn’t mean he was actually convinced, of course. “Th-that’s all right, Ruijerd...” The bar I needed to clear had just gotten much higher. After all that, I couldn’t very well admit that I was feeling uncertain myself. Teaming up with those two may have been a careless move. But now that it had come to this, I had to stick to my guns, no matter how anxious I may feel. I’d thought it was a brilliant idea at first. I’d just have to trust myself on that one. ...Not that there were many people I had less faith in. *** When we reunited her with her cat, Meicel was absolutely overjoyed. She came running over the moment she laid eyes on us, threw her arms around Mii, and burst into tears of joy. The girl obviously adored her pet. The cat was surprisingly tolerant of 158Goldenagato | mp4directs.com her affection...given that it was a panther. “Thank you! Thank you! Uhm, here you go!” After a while, our happy client handed Ruijerd a small metallic card. There was something that looked like a job number on it, along with the word “Complete.” “What’s this?” I said. “You don’t know?” the girl asked disbelievingly. “Aren’t you adventurers?” Well, I guess I’ll let you tell me, if you insist! Harumph! “W-would you mind explaining, miss?” “Okay! When you take this to the Adventurers’ Guild, they’ll give you money for it. It’s not complete to start with though! But if you stick your finger on the blank part and go ‘task complete,’ that makes it all complete-y!” A liberal translation: “If you place your finger on the card and speak the words task complete, the card will indicate that the job is done.” Hmm. Was that a failsafe against the possibility of someone stealing the card? But what if I did the “task complete” part myself? Would that work? If so, you could just swipe the cards and turn them in for some easy cash... Naaah. Even if it worked, the Guild would catch on in no time. And they probably had some measures set up to prevent that sort of thing. “Uhm...it looks like this one already says ‘complete’ though.” Normally, you’d wait until the job was actually done to do that whole step, right? “Yeah! I just knew Ruijerd was gonna find Mii, so I did it in advance!” Oh my goodness. Too cute! A child’s trust is a beautiful thing! Squatting down, Ruijerd patted the girl gently on the head. “I see... You had faith in me, did you? Thank you, Meicel.” “Yeah! I didn’t know there were any good devils, but now I do!” For a moment, Ruijerd’s face seemed to freeze in place. I know how you feel, man, but that’s just where your reputation stands right now. “All right then, miss. Don’t forget about Dead End and your friend Ruijerd, okay?” “Yeah! Come help me if she goes missing again!” 159Goldenagato | mp4directs.com The girl’s final, cheerful words made my chest ache just a little. *** By the time the three of us made it back to the Adventurers’ Guild, it was already twilight. If every job took us this long, we’d be bankrupt in no time. “Hey, what the hell? They’re back!” “Whoa! Did ya find that lost pet already, kiddo?!” The moment we stepped into the building, that same Horseface guy started goading us again. He was easy enough to recognize, since his horse- head contrasted oddly with his minotaur-like body. Did he just hang around inside the guild all day or what? “Oh, if it isn’t the horse-headed man from this morning... Did you take a break from work today?” It wasn’t too fun dealing with this guy honestly. He reminded me too much of someone who’d bullied me back in the day. They both made a big show of messing with you, basically inviting everyone else to join in. “Uh...what? Yer talkin’ awfully polite all of a sudden, kid. Kinda creepy...” Whoops! Forgot to put on my other personality. Guess I’ll just roll with it... “You’re a veteran adventurer, and you were nice enough to give us some advice. Why wouldn’t I speak to you respectfully?” “O-oh. Sure. Guess ya got a point.” Horseface actually got a bit bashful at that. What a pushover. “Thanks to you pointing us in the right direction, our first job went off without a hitch.” “Say what?” I flapped our task card in front of Horseface. The man seemed genuinely impressed. 160Goldenagato | mp4directs.com “Well, ain’t that something! It’s damn tough to track down a single pet in a city this big, ya know?” Yeah, I’m sure it would be ordinarily. All the more so when the pet in question was actually abducted. “Hey, no big deal when you’ve got Dead End Ruijerd on your side.” “Damn. For a total fraud, that guy ain’t half-bad!” “Shove it, Horseface! He’s the real deal!” Slipping into character for a moment, I stalked off toward the reception counters. There, I handed over the task card and our three adventurer cards to the clerk; after a while, she handed back our cards, along with a single rough, crude coin about the size of a 100-yen piece. When I made my way back over to the others, I found Horseface and Ruijerd engaged in conversation. “Hey, how’d ya find that thing, anyway? Just fer reference.” “The same way I track down prey on the hunt.” “Ooh. The hunt, huh? What’s the name of yer people again?” “...The Superd.” “Hah. Sure, sure. I know how it really is, man. That thing you’re wearin’ is a dead giveaway.” Horseface was staring down at Roxy’s pendant, now dangling prominently around Ruijerd’s neck. “I’m Nokopara. Rank C.” “Ruijerd, Rank F.” “Yeah, I know what rank you are, man! Ah well. If there’s anything ya need to know, feel free to ask. I ain’t stingy when it comes to helpin’ out the newbies! Gahahah!” Sounded like a good-natured chat, all things considered. It was kind of nice to see our party’s designated outcast talking to a stranger, but I was also pretty worried he might say too much...or suddenly flip out and start attacking. Hopefully the topic of children wouldn’t come up. Eris, seated at Ruijerd’s side, was a concern as well. I’d noticed people coming up to talk to her now and again, but since she couldn’t speak the language, she never responded to them. “Wow, that’s a nice sword. Where’d you get it?” 161Goldenagato | mp4directs.com “...” “Hey! Come on! Don’t just ignore me!” One female warrior in particular seemed to be getting irritated at the silent treatment. “Can I help you, miss?” I stepped in between them to intervene and she just grumbled, “Ah, forget it,” and walked right off. At this point, Nokopara turned his attention back to me. “Hey there, kiddo. Ya manage to get yer reward all right?” “Yep. One scrap iron coin! This is the first money we’ve ever earned as a party.” “Haha! Man, they sure pay peanuts at first.” “Come on. That’s no way to talk about a poor child’s life savings.” “It’s still peanuts, kid.” “Only in a monetary sense.” That sweet little girl had saved up her allowance for the sake of her beloved kitty-cat. When you held that fact in your mind, even a single crude coin like this didn’t seem so insignificant, right? “You obviously don’t understand the real value of this reward. Why don’t you get lost already, huh? Shoo, shoo.” “Man, talk about unfriendly. All right then. You keep at it, kiddo!” With a wave of his hand, Nokopara wandered off to a different part of the room. What the heck did that guy even do for a living, anyway? In any case, we’d managed to bring our first job as adventurers to a successful conclusion. 162Goldenagato | mp4directs.com Chapter 11: A Smooth Start When we made our way to the front door of the Adventurers’ Guild the next morning, a lizard-man immediately approached me. “Oh, hello there. I already took care of ranking us up.” For a moment, I had no idea who this guy was supposed to be, but then I noticed the bug-eyed lady next to him and realized they were the petnappers from yesterday. Their names were...uh, Jalil? And Vizquel, I guess? In my defense, it was tough to tell one face from another around here. There were a ton of lizard-people in this city, and it didn’t help that these two were wearing leather armor instead of the civilian clothes they’d had on the day before. They seemed like totally different people when they dressed like commonplace adventurers instead of commonplace citizens. “Good morning, Jalil. Thank you very much for dealing with that.” “Wh-what’s with the polite tone? You’re giving me the creeps...” “I’m just speaking respectfully. Is that a problem?” “N-no, no...” When I glared at him, Jalil quickly averted his eyes. “Nice to see you as well, Vizquel. I’m looking forward to working with you.” “Uh...right.” Vizquel was staring fearfully at Ruijerd. To be fair, Ruijerd was glaring daggers at the two of them. Oh well. “Well then, shall we head inside?” “Y-yeah. Sure,” Jalil said with a nervous little nod. The moment we stepped foot inside the guild itself, a certain horse- man spotted us and sauntered over. “Hey there!” “...Hi.” This guy was hanging around in here again...? Seriously, how did he make any money? 163Goldenagato | mp4directs.com “Oh hoh, what’s this? You’re with P Hunter today, huh?” “H-hey there, Nokopara. Been a while.” Apparently, Horseface and our new friend lizard-man were acquaintances. “Yeah, long time no see, Jalil. I heard about you guys rankin’ up to C! Sure that’s a good idea? Ya won’t be able to work those pet jobs anymore, ya know?” Pausing for a moment, Nokopara looked from Jalil to me and back again, then nodded with a horse-like neigh. “Nooow I get it. No wonder ya pulled off that lost-pet thing yesterday, kiddo! Musta convinced P Hunter to help you out, right?” “P Hunter” was presumably the name of Jalil’s party. Sounded about right. “Yep, exactly!” I said. “We ran into them while we were looking for that pet yesterday, and they offered to show us the ropes!” “Oh hoh. So timid little Jalil’s found himself some apprentices now? And one of ’em’s even a bogus Superd! Guhuhuh...” Horseface was all too happy to buy my low-effort lie. He’d totally misunderstood the situation in a rather convenient way for us. After chortling to himself for a while, he leaned over to look around Jalil. “Hey, I don’t see Roman with ya today. Where’s he at?” “Y-yeah...Roman, uh...died.” “Ah, gotcha. That’s too bad.” Roman was presumably the name of that man Ruijerd killed. Nokopara didn’t sound especially shaken up by the news. Maybe someone dying wasn’t even that big a deal in this line of work. Was I the only one who’d taken it that seriously? Jalil and Vizquel seemed relatively indifferent about the whole thing as well. “Still, if ya lost Roman, why would ya wanna rank up now? That guy was the best fighter in yer party, wasn’t he?” “W-well, I...” Jalil shot me a nervous glance. Seeing this, Nokopara let out another knowing neigh. “Ah, yeah, I see how it is. Ya don’t have to answer that one. Course you’d wanna look like a bigshot in front’a yer new apprentices!” 164Goldenagato | mp4directs.com It was almost impressive how neatly he’d wrapped things up for himself there. With a few friendly slaps on Jalil’s back, Nokopara finally turned and headed back toward the tables. I could hear the lizard-man let out a small sigh of relief. Seriously, though, what was that guy’s deal? He was constantly harassing us. Did he have a crush on me or something? Nah...if anything, he seemed to spend more time looking at Ruijerd. Maybe he was partial to rugged, scar-faced men? Somehow, I doubted it. “Okay then. Why don’t we take a look at the task board, everyone?” As we strode further into the guild, a few people shot us peculiar looks. For now, we were better off pretending not to notice. Since the three of us were apparently “apprentices” now, I made a point of asking Jalil and Vizquel some questions as we looked over the jobs in the D- to B-rank range. “Is there a difference between ‘harvesting’ and ‘collection’ tasks, guys?” “Huh? U-uh, sure. They call it harvesting when you’re gathering plants. The collection ones are mostly for stuff from monsters, I guess...” Our new mentor’s response was a bit on the vague side, but it seemed roughly accurate. Harvesting jobs mostly seemed to involve finding medicinal herbs and such...while collection was more of a catch-all for other types of “fetch quests.” “Oh, right. Ruijerd?” “What is it?” “I’m sorry, but I think we need to focus on earning money and building up our rank for a while.” “...Why are you apologizing to me?” “Because we’re putting that other matter on the back burner.” I did tell Jalil and Vizquel to spread the word about Dead End. I wasn’t expecting much on that front though. I’d briefly considered micro-managing them to make sure they were helping people with a smile, but, fundamentally, it seemed smarter to stay hands-off. So long as we kept our distance from 165Goldenagato | mp4directs.com these two, we could cut them loose if it became necessary. Even if their criminal activities were exposed, and even if they tried to push the blame onto Dead End, they’d just get laughed off—after all, they were much higher- ranked than we were, and everyone already knew Ruijerd was a ‘phony.’ “That’s all right, Rudeus. I understand.” Since Ruijerd wasn’t raising any objections, I proceeded to pick out a few jobs in consultation with Jalil. *** After exchanging a few words of greeting with the gate guards, the three of us headed out of town. In the vicinity of Rikarisu, it seemed that Pax Coyotes, Acid Wolves, Great Tortoises, and Great Rock Turtles were your best bets when it came to hunting monsters. Pax Coyotes you mostly killed for their pelts; Acid Wolves for their fangs and tails; Great Tortoises were walking piles of meat; and you could find magic stones inside the Great Rock Turtles. We’d decided to ignore the Great Tortoises this time around, mainly because their meat was absurdly heavy. Great Rock Turtles were top-priority targets. The magic stones you got from them were small but valuable, which allowed for some very efficient hunts. Only problem was, these were pretty rare monsters at this point, and you couldn’t find any too close to places where people lived. I’d ended up taking a Pax Coyote pelt-collection job back at the guild. All things considered, they seemed like our best bet, since they came in decent-sized groups that let you earn a nice profit from a single battle. Of course, that only made things somewhat more efficient, given that we had to track them down and skin them...so if we stumbled across any Acid Wolves out there, I was planning to hunt those as well. We hadn’t taken on any jobs to gather materials from them, but with collection quests, you could do the actual gathering part before you even accepted a job. Once you had enough raw materials, you could take on the task and bring them straight to the guild’s purchasing counter. 166Goldenagato | mp4directs.com In any case...the Pax Coyotes were our main focus for now. You’d usually get about ten per group at most. Given the time it’d take to track them down and skin them afterward, I’d initially assumed we wouldn’t be able to kill that many in a single day. After we hunted down and skinned our first group, though, Ruijerd began gathering their corpses in a pile. At first, I didn’t understand what he was doing. “Can you spread the scent around using wind magic, Rudeus?” Ah. Now it all makes sense. We were going to use the smell of their blood to draw other monsters to this spot. I proceeded to billow the air in various directions, advertising our pile of fresh meat to the entire surrounding area. “Giant stone turtles can’t be lured this way, but we should attract every Pax Coyote in the vicinity at least.” It went off just as Ruijerd said it would. By the end of that day, we’d killed more than a hundred Pax Coyotes—enough that I wondered if we may have eradicated them completely from this area. It had been a very hectic undertaking. Ruijerd and Eris slaughtered wave after wave of the monsters for hours on end. And I squatted behind them, working feverishly to skin the damn things. It was grueling, repetitive labor. After pelt number thirty or so, my arms grew heavy, my shoulders started to ache, and the scent of blood became downright nauseating. Entertaining myself with fantasies of monsters that instantly transformed into gold once their HP hit zero, I managed to struggle on for some time, but I had to quit after roughly seventy pelts. At this point, I swapped places with Eris. Killing Pax Coyotes with magic proved much less agonizing than skinning them. I picked the things off one by one for a while, slowly adjusting the power of my spells to avoid blowing them apart or doing too much damage to their pelts. This was definitely more my kind of work. It actually involved some conscious thought for one thing. But just as I was beginning to enjoy myself, Eris threw in the towel— having managed maybe thirty pelts. Evidently, she was even less cut out for 167Goldenagato | mp4directs.com manual labor than I was. I assumed Ruijerd would take over the skinning now, but by this point we almost had too many pelts—the pile was getting unwieldy. We made the call to start carrying the things back to the city, a job that would require multiple trips. “Wait,” interjected Ruijerd. “Before that, we ought to burn the corpses.” “You want to burn them? Not roast them or whatever?” “Pax Coyote meat is truly foul. We’re just going to set fire to them and bury them.” When you left a pile of corpses lying around, they’d serve as a food source for other monsters, encouraging them to multiply. Merely setting fire to them wasn’t enough to dissuade monsters from eating them; and if we just buried them, they’d apparently come back as “Zombie Coyotes.” Accordingly, you had to burn the things and bury them afterward. A nice little plan instantly popped into my head: 1. Kill Pax Coyotes. Take pelts. 2. Bury the bodies as is, producing tons of Zombie Coyotes. 3. Wait for a Zombie-Coyote-slaying job to be posted at the guild. 4. Profit! Unfortunately, Ruijerd shot down the suggestion. It seemed that deliberately allowing monsters to multiply was a major taboo in these parts. Wish they’d write down these little local rules somewhere, man... “But we didn’t do this stuff for the monsters we killed on our trip over here, did we?” “It’s not necessary when you’ve only slain a few.” Seemed like an awfully vague rule. Still, a festering pile of bodies this massive seemed like it might be problematic from a public health perspective too. Since I couldn’t find any real grounds for an objection, I proceeded to 168Goldenagato | mp4directs.com burn the bodies to a crisp. By the time we finished carrying our haul of pelts back to the city, the sun was setting. Our first hunt was finally over. It had been a very productive one. I was ready to go straight back to the inn and get some sleep. Was I really going to be out there skinning dozens of those things again tomorrow, though? I sort of felt like we’d earned a day off... “We really cashed in big today, huh? Let’s do even better tomorrow!” But in the face of Eris’s enthusiasm, I couldn’t bring myself to disagree. *** A mere three days later, “Dead End” formally ascended to rank E. “Nice work out there.” With a few appreciative words, I handed Jalil a tenth of the cash we’d earned on the hunt that day. “Th-thanks, man.” Ten percent was what we’d agreed on, but...it didn’t seem like that much money. When I asked Jalil if they were really getting by on this, he explained that he wasn’t just an adventurer by trade—he also operated a business in the city. “What type of business?” “Uh, a pet store.” Oh wow. So first you sell them, then you steal them? Kinda scuzzy, man. “Don’t do anything too evil, okay?” “Yeah, I know.” The pet shop business was apparently a legitimate one anyway. They caught stray animals around the city, put them through a bit of training, then sold them off as pets. Jalil was a member of the Rugonian race, a people renowned for their beast-taming expertise. With the help of techniques passed down through the generations, he could supposedly “domesticate” anything 169Goldenagato | mp4directs.com from a stray mutt to a proud woman warrior of the Beastfolk. Goodness gracious, what a wicked tribe. It was a good thing Eris and Ruijerd were here with me, or I may have ended up groveling at his feet and asking for tips. Leaving all that aside, this pet shop sounded like a profitable operation —with an upside for the city as a whole, since he was taking potentially dangerous animals off the streets. “So, uh. Why did you even start abducting pets if you already had a legitimate line of work?” “At first, we were just taking in ones that got lost, but...I guess something got into us.” Sure. It must have been pretty tempting once they got the idea in their heads. And once they gave in to that temptation, it was all downhill from there. “Anyway, isn’t it tough to run a shop while also working as adventurers?” “Nah, not really. We’re stocked with enough pets to last us a while.” Apparently, they only kept the shop open until the early afternoon, then switched over to working on guild tasks for the rest of the day. “Well, I guess it’s no skin off my nose either way. So long as you keep getting the jobs done.” “No worries on that front, chief—we’re adventurers in our own right. And we’re making sure to spread the word about Dead End too.” Hmm. If you say so... *** We’d made ourselves a bit of spending money at this point, so it seemed about time to buy new clothes and combat armor. First of all, we picked out some clothing from a street vendor. Eris didn’t take long at all to decide. She just wanted something sturdy 170Goldenagato | mp4directs.com but light-weight and easy to run in, criteria that led her to a less than stylish pair of pants. It seemed like a sensible choice, especially given our current circumstances, but I felt like it wouldn’t hurt to have at least one “feminine” option as well. When I pointed Eris to a frilly pink one piece dress I’d spotted in a corner of the shop, though, she grimaced in disgust. “...You seriously want me to wear something like this?” “Can’t hurt to have at least one girly dress, right?” “Oh yeah? Then how about you buy something manly, Rudeus?” She pushed a fur vest at me. It looked like something a mountain bandit might wear. Hmm. So if I put this thing on, Eris would wear a frilly dress? It didn’t seem like a bad deal for a second, but then I pictured the two of us standing next to each other in our new outfits and immediately dropped the idea. Once we were done buying clothes, we proceeded to a local armor shop. Eris hadn’t yet suffered any serious wounds in combat, and I could use Healing magic to treat any minor injuries, so I’d been under the impression she didn’t really need armor. But as Ruijerd told me: “Your spells can’t heal fatal wounds or restore a missing limb, and Eris is still unaccustomed to battle. Complacency and carelessness can cost young warriors their lives.” It wasn’t a good idea for her to go without defensive gear. The armor shop was a large and impressive establishment, although still somewhat cruder than the stores I’d seen back in Asura. The wares on display inside were universally more expensive than the stuff you could purchase from the city’s street vendors. The stalls and carts were your best bet for cheaper items, and sometimes you’d discover a hidden gem among the piles of junk, but shops like this offered reliable quality and a superior selection. They also had a wide range of sizes...which was pretty helpful, given that the two of us were children. “Protecting your heart is really important, so I think we ought to buy 171Goldenagato | mp4directs.com the best one we can...” At the moment, we were picking out a breastplate for Eris. There were a wide variety of these for female warriors in particular, designed to fit people with varying bust sizes. “This looks fine to me,” said Eris, pulling on a beast-hide model that fit her perfectly. “What do you think, Rudeus?” Naturally, I wasn’t about to pass up a legitimate opportunity to stare at a girl’s chest. Hmm... Looks like things are coming along nicely. “You should probably go with one that’s one size larger.” “Why?” Come on, think about it. “We’re still growing kids. Anything that fits you perfectly right now will be too small in no time.” I picked out a similar breastplate in a slightly larger size and handed it to Eris. “It’s all loose on me...” “Nah, you’re fine. Don’t worry about it.” Muttering complaints, Eris proceeded to pick out other bits of armor for various parts of her body. All the fighting we’d been doing lately had given her a sense of where she was most vulnerable to injury. It wasn’t hard to find gear to protect her joints and vital organs. Her head posed more of a dilemma, though. An overly heavy helmet would only slow her down. Still, we didn’t want to leave such an important part of her body totally undefended. “How about something like this?” I said, presenting her with a full-face helmet that reminded me of one of the eviler Hokuto brothers. “Not a chance,” she said with a grimace. Kids these days. No appreciation for the classics. We went on try all sorts of different helmets, but Eris rejected every single one of them on the grounds of heaviness, ugliness, smelliness, or making it too hard to see. Ultimately, she settled on a headband of sorts; it had iron plates sewn into it to offer some protection. Of course, the hood we’d purchased earlier was solely to hide her eye- catching red hair. It was meaningless from a defensive perspective. 172Goldenagato | mp4directs.com “I guess that’s all of it. What do you think, Rudeus? Do I look like an adventurer?!” With the cutlass-like sword Rowin had given us fastened at her hip, Eris twirled to show off her new set of light armor. To be perfectly honest, it looked a bit like a cosplay...especially since that breastplate didn’t quite fit. “Splendid, miss. Simply splendid. You’re the very picture of a seasoned warrior.” “You think? Hehehe...” Eris put her hands on her hips and looked down at herself with a satisfied grin. As she savored the moment, I haggled down the cost of her equipment to one iron coin. Not a minor purchase by any means, but we were buying a full set of armor here. “Okay, Rudeus! You’re up next!” “I don’t think I really need anything, do I?” “Of course you do! You’re a magician, so you should have a robe!” I got the impression Eris had a certain fondness for stories where a heroic young warrior set off on an adventure with a magic-using childhood friend at their side. There were nights when the girl barely got any sleep, but she was certainly spunky during the daylight hours. Ah well. Guess I’ll play along. “Hey, mister. Do you have any robes that would fit me?” The elderly owner of the armor shop walked over silently and opened up one of his wardrobes. “Here. These were made for halflings.” Inside, there was a wide variety of colored robes, all with slightly different designs. They seemed to come in five hues: red, yellow, blue, green, and grey. None were particularly vivid. “Does the color make some sort of difference?” “The colored ones have monster hair woven into the fabric. Gives you a bit of protection against a specific element.” “Okay, so red would be fire, and yellow must be earth... Uh, what are 173Goldenagato | mp4directs.com the grey ones?” “Just plain fabric.” Ah. No wonder those are basically half-price. The cost of the other colors varied slightly as well. It probably had something to do with the materials they used to make them. “So I guess you’d want a blue one, Rudeus!” said Eris. “Hmm, I wonder...” In close-range combat, I’d been known to use explosive blasts to send myself flying through the air. Maybe red or green would be best? Hmm...stop or go? “What type of spells do you know, boy?” “I can use all the disciplines of attack magic.” “Hmm. Well, ain’t that something. And here I thought you were just some kid... Okay. This one might cost you a bit more, but...” After rooting through the robes for a moment, the old man pulled out one that was a notably darker shade of grey. “That’s genuine Mackey Rat hide right there.” “M-Mackey...Mouse?” “I said rat, kid. Not mouse.” The image of a friendly fellow in bright red shorts floated briefly through my mind; I shook my head violently until it disappeared. The robe felt more like cloth than the hide of an animal, but that was probably just the nature of the material. “So what advantages does this one offer?” “It doesn’t offer any special protection against magic, but it’s tough as hell.” I slipped it on, just to see how it felt. “It’s a little baggy on me. Aren’t there any smaller ones?” “That’s the smallest one I’ve got.” “They must make some for kids, right?” “Why would they?” 174Goldenagato | mp4directs.com Now I knew how that little judo guy must have felt when he tried to put on a Normal Suit for the first time. Ah well. I was still a growing boy, so maybe this was all right. The thing did seem to be made of quality material at least... Judging from the feel, it’d probably provide some protection against stabbing weapons. I somewhat liked that it was made from a grey-skinned rodent too. Fit nicely with my last name. “Hmm, okay. Maybe I’ll go with this one.” “You like that, huh? It’s eight scrap iron coins.” “Well, let’s see...” After haggling with the old man to the best of my ability, I ended up buying the robe for six scrap irons. While we were at it, I also picked up two other headbands like Eris’s, but in different colors. These ones were for Ruijerd and myself. We could use one to hide that eye on his forehead if we ever felt the need to. Why did I need one, you might ask? Well...it’s no fun being the odd man out, you know? *** Incidentally, I’d asked Ruijerd to spy on Vizquel while Eris and I went out on our shopping trip. I wasn’t expecting much out of her and Jalil, but depending on how they behaved, there was a possibility our reputation could be badly damaged. It seemed prudent to at least check in on them. When I explained this to Ruijerd, however, he’d retorted that I never should have joined forces with them in the first place if I was that worried about their character. Definitely a fair point. But on the other hand, our arrangement with them had produced some major financial benefits. For the moment, a bit of paranoia felt like a small price to pay. Long story short—our petnapper friends were performing their duties admirably. They approached even F-ranked jobs with a positive attitude and surprising diligence. 175Goldenagato | mp4directs.com Today, Vizquel had worked an insect-extermination job. Her objective was to eradicate an infestation of loathsome critters that had occupied someone’s kitchen. Vizquel happened to be a member of the Zumeba race whose saliva was poisonous, but also highly enticing to all sorts of bugs. Any insect that ingested it would either die or be rendered totally immobile, providing the Zumeba with a tasty snack. In other words, Vizquel was born to do this type of work. The client was an elderly woman—apparently a stubborn, cranky sort who never seemed to stop frowning. Ruijerd’s impression was that she wouldn’t hesitate to chase off anyone who displeased her in even the slightest of ways. It didn’t come to that, of course. Vizquel got to work at once and efficiently annihilated the insects; Ruijerd confirmed after the fact that there wasn’t a single insect left alive in the old woman’s house. Vizquel even stopped up a few gaps with some sort of thread-like substance, as a preventative measure against invasion from the outside. “Thank you, Vizquel. Those things were driving me crazy.” “No problem. If you ever need anything, just remember the name Dead End Ruijerd, okay?” “Dead End Ruijerd? Is that the name of your new party?” “Yeah, more or less.” After dutifully advertising our brand, Vizquel handed the old lady a few extra pieces of bait made from her saliva, then politely took her leave. With her job complete, she promptly met up with us at the guild to take care of the reward swapping. “Sounds like she’s doing good work out there, huh?” “...Yes.” I certainly hadn’t expected that level of perfection. Not only was Vizquel already acquainted with the client, she’d gone above and beyond on the customer service. It probably left a much better impression than my ad-lib door-to-door salesman act would have. “Hmm. I guess they’re not rotten to the core after all, Ruijerd.” “Perhaps not.” 176Goldenagato | mp4directs.com To be fair, I’d been a bit suspicious of them as well, but I guess we weren’t asking that much. They were basically just doing ordinary jobs and mentioning “Dead End” at the very end. If we got them thinking that cooperating with us meant easy money for them, that was all for the best. It’d make them less likely to betray us too. “However, the fact remains that they committed many evil deeds.” “Yeah, you’re right. But right now, they’re out there putting in an honest day’s work...just like you, Ruijerd.” “Mm...” Being a “criminal” doesn’t mean you’re irredeemable; that applied to them as much as it did to Ruijerd and myself. It seemed like a good sign that they’d stopped abducting pets even though we hadn’t outright told them to. That said, we were only three days into this partnership. The memory of their brush with death was still fresh in their minds. “Of course, they may only be playing along for the moment. We should keep checking in on them like this whenever anything changes.” Ruijerd furrowed his brow at that. “You joined forces with these people. Do you not...trust them at all?” “Of course not. The only people I trust in this whole city are you and Eris, Ruijerd.” “...I see.” He started reaching out for my head, but stopped short. I did trust Ruijerd, but it felt like I was starting to lose his trust. I could live with that though. My goal was to make it back to the Kingdom of Asura with Eris. I’d do my best to improve the Superd race’s reputation while I was at it, but earning Ruijerd’s respect wasn’t on my list of critical objectives. “Well then, why don’t we head back?” We set off back toward our inn through streets lit only by illuminator stones. All things considered, our adventuring career was off to a smooth start. 177Goldenagato | mp4directs.com Chapter 12: Children and Warriors Three weeks later, our party hit rank D. It felt like we were moving up pretty fast, so I finally got around to checking out the specific promotion criteria. For an F-ranked adventurer to reach rank E, they needed to successfully complete ten F-rank jobs...or five E-rank jobs in a row. For an E-ranked adventurer to reach rank D, it took fifty F-rank jobs, twenty-five E-rank jobs, or ten D-rank jobs in a row. That general pattern stayed the same for the higher ranks, although the numbers started getting considerably bigger. Demotion was also a possibility for those who messed up repeatedly. Failing five consecutive jobs with a rank lower than your own or ten consecutive jobs at your present rank would knock you down a peg. You couldn’t be demoted by failing tasks at a higher rank than your own, but after five in a row you’d lose the privilege to accept them. Jalil and Vizquel had been working diligently to knock out F- and E- rank jobs for us every single day, so we’d managed to get this far in no time at all. Now that we were D-ranked, we finally had access to more profitable C-rank tasks. Those were easy pickings for our party, so we’d probably pull ourselves up to rank C soon enough. This might be the right time to cut off our arrangement with Jalil and Vizquel. They didn’t seem to be abducting pets any more, but I wasn’t entirely sure what problems the whole job-swapping thing might cause in the long run. We’d saved up a decent amount of cash at this point, so we had the option of saying our goodbyes to our “business partners” and leaving Rikarisu behind for good. After a bit of thought, however, I decided to keep milking them until we made it up to rank C. There didn’t seem to be any issues at the moment, and it was hard to turn my back on such a low-stress money-making system. It wouldn’t hurt to have more money in our wallet before we left. 178Goldenagato | mp4directs.com At present, our savings amounted to one green ore coin, six iron coins, fourteen scrap iron coins, and thirty-five stone coins...or 1,875 stone coins in total. So...1,875 yen basically. Our entire assets amounted to less than the value of two Asuran large copper coins... Okay, cut it out. It doesn’t matter what this would buy us on a different continent. Once we hit rank C, we’d say goodbye to Jalil and Vizquel, then promptly leave this city. Seemed like a solid plan to me. Not long after reaching this conclusion, I spotted an “interesting” task on the Guild board. *** B TASK: Locate and Defeat Unknown Monster(s) REWARD: 5 scrap iron coins (2 iron coins if defeated) DETAILS: Find and destroy a specific monster LOCATION: Southern Wood (Petrified Forest) DURATION: Before the end of the month DEADLINE: ASAP CLIENT: Belberro the Merchant NOTES: A large, slithering creature was spotted deep inside the forest. Please identify it, and destroy it if it’s dangerous. *** Jalil and I pondered the piece of paper with our hands on our chins. A mystery monster, huh? Talk about a vague job description. There was a chance this thing wasn’t even there. And even if it were, how exactly were we supposed to prove that it was one monster or another? 179Goldenagato | mp4directs.com Still, two iron coins was a very tempting reward. Especially since we could still get five scrap irons if we chose not to fight the thing. “You interested in this one?” “Well, the pay’s really good. It does feel kind of fishy though.” Jalil nodded in agreement. “Looks like the kind of job where you might get stiffed. I’d think twice if I were you.” We’d already experienced something of the sort. Two weeks earlier, we’d accepted an ordinary-looking collection task for Acid Wolves. As usual, we’d hunted down the specified number of monsters and brought back their fangs and tails, only to be informed that the client wanted complete Acid Wolves—as in, their entire bodies. The description hadn’t clarified this at all, but we still ended up having to pay a breach-of-contract fee. Just thinking about it made me feel intensely frustrated. It was probably smarter not to take this job if I wanted to avoid a repeat of that disaster...but I couldn’t tear my eyes away from that juicy “reward” line. “Two iron coins, though... Hmm. Maybe I could use another learning experience...” “Heh. Just don’t blame me if you get burned again.” “For a task like this, the breach-of-contract penalty would be based on the five scrap iron coins, right?” “Yep, that’s right. The extra money if you kill the thing is just a bonus basically.” As Ruijerd tended to get harassed by Nokopara when he entered the Guild, and Eris sometimes had problems with random adventurers approaching her as well, I had the two of them waiting outside. Vizquel never showed up at the guild either. In other words, there was no one here to stop me. “Well, even if this mystery monster isn’t there, there’s plenty of stuff worth selling in the Petrified Forest. Knowing you three, I bet you could earn enough to cover the breach-of-contract fee. Guess it might be worth a shot.” “All right then. Good luck with your jobs, too, Jalil.” 180Goldenagato | mp4directs.com In retrospect, I’d realize just how lazy my thinking was at this point. A few weeks of battle experience had left me over-confident. Things had gone so smoothly that I’d underestimated the risks; my impatience pushed me toward a big payday. With the benefit of hindsight, there were better choices open to me. But at the time, I don’t think I could have made them. *** The Petrified Forest was a full day’s journey from Rikarisu. It was a place where bone-like trees with jagged branches grew in enormous numbers, and derived its name from their stony appearance. The forest stood alongside the main road in that region. Cutting through it offered travelers a shorter route to the next city, but since the wood was home to the dangerous B-rank monsters Executioners and Almond Anacondas, only merchants in a big hurry ever did so—and they always hired multiple skilled bodyguards beforehand. Forests in this world were, without exception, dangerous places. But those found on the Demon Continent were particularly perilous. Three parties had run into each other just outside this particular wood: the B-ranked party “Super Blazers”; the D-ranked party “Tokurabu Village Toughs”; and finally, the D-ranked party “Dead End.” The leaders of these groups came together for a meeting. When adventurer parties bumped into each other in places like this, it was expected that they’d stop to have a quick discussion. It would’ve been nice to skip it, but running into the other groups in the forest itself might be a real nuisance. I’d decided to make an appearance. “Okay. So what the hell are you kids doin’ here?” The first one to speak was Blaze, the leader of the Super Blazers. There was undisguised irritation in his voice. The guy’s face was familiar. He was the pig-man who’d laughed at us 181Goldenagato | mp4directs.com on our first day. I’m not trying to be insulting, by the way. He literally had the head of a pig. Presumably, he belonged to the same race as that gate guard who’d leered at Eris. Couldn’t quite remember what they were called... I usually just thought of them as “orcs,” to be honest. In any case, pig-man’s party was a group of six adventurers from a wide variety of races. To be C-ranked or higher on the Demon Continent, you basically needed to be capable of taking down the more common monsters in your region; I had to assume they were all veterans who’d proven their skill in battle. “We’re here for a guild job!” said Kurt, leader of the Tokurabu Toughs, his face somewhat sullen. “Same here,” said the leader of Dead End (that being me) with a small nod. Blaze reacted to the words of his D-ranked colleagues by clicking his tongue and scratching irritably at his neck. “Ugh. They booked us, huh? Yeah, I had a bad feelin’ about this one...” “Uhm...what does booked mean?” Kurt asked hesitantly. “Shut it, kid!” This pig apparently had a short temper. “Now, now,” I said, sidling up to him with an obsequious smile. “Let’s all take a few deep breaths, okay? We’re sorry for being such clueless newbies, but we’d very much appreciate any explanation you could provide...” Blaze spat on the ground, then grudgingly replied. “It means the same request got placed by more than one person. And the guild put both jobs up there without noticing.” Ah, right. A double-booking. In this case, we had three separate clients who’d posted three separate tasks. The guild must have thought they were distinct jobs, but maybe that wasn’t actually the case. It seemed like something that might happen every now and then. Out of curiosity, I asked the others what their specific tasks were. 182Goldenagato | mp4directs.com Blaze was here to “Slay the White-Fang Cobras that appeared in the Petrified Forest.” Kurt was tasked to “Collect the mysterious eggs spotted in the Petrified Forest.” And I, of course, was trying to “Locate an unknown monster.” “Huh? You’re on a search and locate job? Do they even have those at rank D?” Naturally, I’d worked out an answer to Kurt’s question beforehand. “It’s a C-ranked task, actually. They put it up there after you left the guild.” “No kidding? Man, I wish we’d gotten that one instead...” As the kid muttered to himself, I took a moment to think about the situation we were in. It did feel like there was at least some potential overlap between all three of our tasks. First of all, White-Fang Cobras weren’t native to this forest; but judging from Blaze’s job, at least one had recently been spotted here. That could very well be our “unknown monster,” and it might also be responsible for the “mystery eggs” Kurt was after. But of course, there was also a possibility that our mysteries were completely unrelated to the cobras. It was a little hasty to assume we’d been triple-booked. “Still, I wonder how this happened?” “How should I know, kid? It just works out that way sometimes.” Hmm. Well, I guess it would. It’s not like the guild has all their tasks filed neatly in a computer or anything. “All right then. What are we going to do about it?” “Nothing. Whoever finds the monsters first wins.” “What?!” shouted Kurt. “So what happens to our task if you get there first?” “Huh? Oh, your eggs or whatever? I mean, we’ll smash ’em if we see ’em. Can’t have White-Fang Cobras hatchin’ all over the place, can we?” Blaze said with a smirk. “Come on, Rudeus, say something! If they kill all the monsters, we’ll both fail our jobs!” 183Goldenagato | mp4directs.com Kurt was turning to me for support. He did have a point. If Blaze’s party happened to kill our “unknown” monster, we wouldn’t get the chance to track it down or fight it... Wait a second. We basically just need to locate and identify it, right? I felt like reporting that the White-Fang Cobras had been here might be enough to satisfy our client. And to hedge our bets, we could always hunt down some random monsters here before we left. A big enough loot haul ought to cover the 20% breach-of-contract fee. “Well, we don’t know for sure that this was a triple-booking. There might be something other than the White-Fang Cobras here as well.” Blaze grimaced. “So? You want to look around together, is that it? You expect us to be your babysitters?” “Who the hell wants your help anyway?!” said Kurt, his face flushed with anger. “Oh please. You’re obviously hopin’ we’ll protect you, right? This forest’s pretty damn tough for a bunch of D-rankers.” Ah. Now I get why he’s so cranky. Blaze didn’t like the idea of a pair of low-ranked groups following his party around like a string of poop trailing after a goldfish. Perfectly understandable. It would only make their lives harder after all. Of course, I didn’t want to travel with them, either. It wasn’t a good idea to let anyone see Ruijerd fighting with his spear. They might realize he really was a Superd when they saw how strong he was. Fortunately, Kurt had already given me an easy out here. “Okay, I’ve heard about enough of this. Dead End doesn’t need babysitters either, thank you very much. We’ll be working on our own.” I promptly turned and left the leaders’ conference without waiting for a response to my declaration. *** My party had been waiting for me a little distance away. 184Goldenagato | mp4directs.com “So what’s going on?” asked Eris, her voice betraying some impatience. “Looks like we’re all here to do the same job, more or less.” “Oh. What happens now? Does somebody back down?” “No, of course not. We’ll all go for it and see who finds the monsters first.” “Oh yeah? Sounds like a decent challenge!” Well, she certainly seemed enthusiastic at least. I felt like Eris had been getting sick of our hunting missions lately. Those jobs weren’t exactly adventures after all...more like manual labor. This probably seemed like a nice change of pace. As the three of us were speaking, Blaze and Kurt brought the little leaders’ meeting to a close. Kurt said a few words to his two companions, and they all set off into the forest together; the Super Blazers headed in as well, moving in a different direction. “So what’s the plan?” asked Eris. “Hmm, let’s see,” I said. “Ruijerd can search the area for enemies, as always. We’ll just move around and investigate until we single out this mystery monster.” It seemed like a simple enough proposal to me, but Ruijerd shook his head gravely. “Hold on, Rudeus.” “What’s the matter?” “I’m worried about those three children.” What children...? Oh, he means the Tokurabu Toughs. “They’re not strong enough to survive in this forest.” “So what you’re saying is...” “We should help them.” I really shouldn’t have been surprised. “Well, Ruijerd...if we stick too close to them, there’s a chance they’ll realize you really are a Superd.” 185Goldenagato | mp4directs.com “I don’t care.” Yeah? Well, I do! “Okay, but it’s going to cause us all kinds of problems if people realize who you are.” “What, then? Are you telling me to stand back and let them die?” “That’s not what I’m saying. Let’s just follow them from a distance and help them out if they get in trouble.” I couldn’t hope to talk him out of this one. We’d just have to adjust our objectives. Those two iron coins probably weren’t going to happen, but we could earn ourselves some serious gratitude at least. Still, was it really a good idea to thoughtlessly jump to the rescue here? If we had to protect those kids from a monster attack, the odds of them realizing Ruijerd’s true identity got that much higher. I didn’t want to believe that they’d cling to their prejudices about a man who’d just saved their lives, but Dead End had a special place in the minds of people on this continent. It was hard to know how things might play out. If worst came to worst, maybe we could intimidate them into joining up with us, like we did with Jalil and Vizquel... For now, our party set off after Kurt and his friends. As he watched the Tokurabu Village Toughs stride boldly along into the depths of the Petrified Forest, Ruijerd furrowed his brow. “What’s the matter?” I said. “Is this the first time they’ve set foot inside a forest?” “Uh, I can’t say that I know... Why do you ask?” “They’re being far too careless.” Sure enough, Kurt and his friends soon found themselves face-to-face with an Executioner whose approach they evidently hadn’t noticed. The Executioner was a type of humanoid monster—the zombified remains of someone who’d been an adventurer in life. For some reason, they were equipped with enormous swords and suits of thick plate armor. The sheer weight of their equipment meant they couldn’t move too quickly, but they were extremely sturdy, and wielded their weapon with surprising 186Goldenagato | mp4directs.com finesse. You usually only encountered one Executioner at a time, and they weren’t unusually large—and yet they were still B-rank monsters. That was proof enough of their sheer power. Just to add insult to injury, their equipment dissolved into thin air when they died, so you couldn’t get much profit out of beating one. “They need our help!” “No, not yet,” I said, just as Ruijerd was tensing to leap forward. “Why not?!” “They’re not backed into a corner yet.” That Executioner was swifter than you’d expect from its appearance, but it wasn’t fast enough to keep up with these kids when they were running for their lives. Little by little, they were gaining some distance from their pursuer. But then, just as it seemed like they were going to give it the slip... their luck ran out. A group of Almond Anacondas was waiting for them in the direction they’d been fleeing. These snake-monsters traveled in groups of three to five; they took their name from the distinctive almond-like pattern on their bodies, which were typically about three meters long. Their fangs were full of deadly venom, and they moved with great agility. Due to their toughness and their tendency to attack in numbers, they were also classified as B-rank monsters. Kurt and company were trapped between the two best-known and most-feared inhabitants of the Petrified Forest. I could see their expressions wavering between smiles of disbelief and outright terror. They’d probably assumed that if they ran into either of these notoriously dangerous monsters, they could simply run away. And, to be fair, it almost worked with the Executioner. In the end, however, they hadn’t sufficiently considered what might go wrong. This place was just too dangerous for them; they really should have recognized that and steered clear of it. Not that I didn’t sympathize with their eagerness to push themselves. “We should go! Now!” 187Goldenagato | mp4directs.com “No, wait just a little longer...” Once again, I held Ruijerd back. We wanted to wait until they were really on the ropes. The worse things got before we showed up, the deeper their gratitude would be. I’ll let those things knock them around so I can heal them with my magic afterward. Heheheh. Perfect... “Ah!” shouted Eris. The bird-like boy flew through the air...in two separate pieces. It had only taken one blow. He’d failed to sidestep the Executioner’s attack, and the monster’s sword had cut him clean in half. My wicked smile froze on my face. I’d misread the situation completely. Those kids were in terrible danger from the very start. I was the one being thoughtless, not Ruijerd. “I told you!” shouted Ruijerd, his voice full of frustration. As he and Eris jumped forward out of cover, I quickly fired off a Stone Cannon at the Executioner. My attack struck home with enough force to obliterate a Stone Treant, but somehow, the thing stayed on its feet. For a moment, I thought its armor was unbelievably strong. Then I noticed that its upper right arm was missing. I’d been so flustered that I misaimed my spell. Picking up its enormous sword with its left hand, the thing immediately began running in my direction. From a distance, it had seemed fairly slow, but now that it was sprinting toward me I realized that it was abnormally quick given its clumsy appearance. I stayed calm and created a patch of muddy bog directly in the Executioner’s path. One of its legs plunged into my trap, sending it toppling forward. I promptly summoned up an enormous rock immediately above the monster and sent it slamming to the ground. By this point, Ruijerd and Eris had already eliminated all of the Almond Anacondas. In the aftermath of the battle, a trembling, pale-faced Kurt approached 188Goldenagato | mp4directs.com me to express his gratitude. “Huff, huff... Th-thanks, man...huff, huff...seriously. Y-you guys are... really strong, huh...?” The Executioner lay squashed under a giant boulder; the Almond Anacondas had all been neatly decapitated. No sweat, really. We’d win that fight every time. And yet, we’d failed to protect these kids. “That’s okay... I’m sorry we didn’t get here sooner.” Kurt was looking at me with something like admiration in his eyes. My chest aching with guilt, I looked away from his face. My eyes found the body of the beaked, bird-like boy who’d been cut in half. What was his name again? Gablin? He wouldn’t have died if I’d just kept things simple. Ruijerd strode up and grabbed me by the front of my robe, his face twisted with anger. “That was your fault,” he said, gesturing at the corpse with his chin. The words stabbed ruthlessly at my heart. “Yeah. You’re right...” “We could have saved all three of them!” Yes. I know. I know! I didn’t want it to turn out this way either, okay? I was bursting with shame and misery. This wasn’t what I wanted. Not at all. I regretted my actions. I’d learned my lesson. So why did he have to keep rubbing my nose in it? “Look, I’m trying my hardest, okay? I just wanted to get us the best possible outcome from that situation! Why do you have to be so tough on me?!” “Because the boy died!” Ruijerd’s retort was simple, but painfully on-target. “Gah...” There really wasn’t anything I could say. I may as well have killed the kid myself. Eris wasn’t jumping to my defense this time, either. She was staring at Gablin’s corpse...probably trying to process her own feelings about all this. 189Goldenagato | mp4directs.com There were no excuses left to offer. I’d failed completely. People’s lives were on the line, and I’d held us back too long out of sheer self-interest. “H-hey, c’mon. Don’t start fighting now.” In the end, it was Kurt who stepped in to intercede. “This doesn’t concern you,” snapped Ruijerd. “It’s between me and him.” Somewhat surprisingly, the boy didn’t back down in the face of this dismissal. “Yeah, but I can tell what happened. You guys saw us fighting and argued about whether to help us out, right?!” Nope. It wasn’t even an argument. I left you out to dry all by myself. “I know you’re all strong, but there was still a risk something could have gone wrong. And you didn’t have any reason to help us anyway!” The anger in Ruijerd’s eyes blazed even hotter than before. “No reason was necessary! Adults have a duty to protect children!” “We’re not children!” Kurt fired back. “We’re adventurers! Rudeus made the call any leader should have!” “Hm...” Ruijerd fell silent for a moment, but I couldn’t say I agreed with Kurt’s assessment. “Still...one of your friends died, boy.” “Yeah, I know! I’m not blind! And the three of us wanted to stay together to the end! But you know what? We knew death was a possibility! Any adventurer’s prepared to face that risk—young or old!” My chest throbbed painfully at those words. Personally, I wasn’t remotely prepared to stare death in the face. I’d seen the whole adventurer thing as nothing but an easy means of earning money. “I’m grateful that you stepped in to save us, but it was our job to keep ourselves safe. If anyone’s to blame, it’s me! I’m the one who took this task and got us in over our heads!” Kurt’s argument had the stubborn righteousness of a kid who didn’t really understand the way the world worked. But it was also earnest and heartfelt. This sort of passion was something I’d been lacking lately. In my obsession with earning money and climbing the Guild ranks, I’d started looking at our tasks as nothing more than “quests” in some video game. 190Goldenagato | mp4directs.com “I’m sorry...Kurt, wasn’t it? I was wrong to treat you as a child. It seems you are a warrior in your own right.” Apparently, something in the boy’s tirade had struck home for Ruijerd; he lowered me to the ground with a brief apology. Not that I deserved it this time. “Don’t apologize, please. None of this changes the fact that I made an awful mistake.” “No, that was no mistake. You were only trying to respect their pride as warriors. I was overly eager to intervene.” “Uh...” Nothing of the sort even crossed my mind actually. Sorry. “I was too hasty with those criminals as well. I’ll have to be more careful in the future...” Ruijerd seemed to have neatly wrapped things up for himself. But I didn’t find his conclusions too convincing. I was going to give my mistakes today some serious thought later. I needed to identify exactly where I’d gone wrong, and make sure this never happened again. Still, there was definitely a part of me that was thinking, Nice! Good thing he got the wrong idea! At least I got away with it. I wanted to smack myself in the face. *** Kurt and his friend told us they planned to carry their fallen comrade back to town. We escorted them back as far as the entrance to the forest. I’d expected Ruijerd to insist we guard them all the way to Rikarisu, but he shook his head at the suggestion. He’d recognized Kurt and his friends as warriors. That changed things. “They may not make it back safely with their party reduced in size. But they have resolved themselves to face that risk.” Kurt had said as much, yes. But there was something deeply melancholic about his posture as he walked away from us. It was so obvious that Eris impulsively ran up to him and said, “Good luck out there!” She didn’t speak his language, of course, but Kurt clearly sensed the 191Goldenagato | mp4directs.com meaning of her words from the expression on her face. “Thank you,” he said. “Uhm...is this how you do it?” “Huh?!” The boy took Eris’s hand, leaned forward, and kissed it near the knuckle of her thumb. With one last, bright smile, he turned and walked off once again. Eris had frozen up completely. I wasn’t sure what to do, either. Suddenly, she spun around to look at me, then began vigorously rubbing the top of her hand against the edge of her armor. “No, no! You’ve got it all wrong!” Was that actual panic on her face? I mean, the kid did kiss her, but she had gloves on. It didn’t seem like anything to get that worked up about. “I... I won’t even use this anymore!” Eris ripped off her glove and tossed it into the forest. What a waste of perfectly good leather. Ruijerd and I scolded her simultaneously: “Don’t throw away your equipment!” “Those things cost money, you know!” I really wished my mind hadn’t gone straight to the “money” thing again. “Oh, shut up!” shouted Eris, stomping her feet against the ground with tears in her eyes. This was the first time in a while I’d seen her like this. Was I missing something? Did a kiss on the hand mean something specific around here or what? “Rudeus! Here!” At this point, she pushed her hand in front of my face. I licked it reflexively. Eris’s face went red at once. Approximately one half-second later, she punched me. This was a real punch, too. I barely stayed conscious, and for a moment, I thought she’d snapped my neck. This girl just might be a world champ someday. I collapsed backward in a clumsy heap. 192Goldenagato | mp4directs.com 193Goldenagato | mp4directs.com Hmm. Wonder what was I supposed to do there...? As I looked up at her from the ground, Eris stared at the spot where I’d licked her, then briefly touched it with her tongue as well. Instantly flushing bright red, she then scrubbed her hand forcefully against her clothes. “S-sorry about that, Rudeus. But you can’t lick me, all right?!” It was all pretty adorable, so I forgave her on the spot. This hadn’t been a good day overall, but I wasn’t feeling quite as miserable anymore. *** As we made our way deeper into the forest, I found myself thinking about Ruijerd. He was a man with an absolute moral code, and he loved “children”. Those were the fundamental facts I was working with till this moment; but that conversation earlier suggested that “warrior” was also something of a keyword for him. “Ruijerd, what’s your definition of a warrior?” I asked. His response was instant. “Warriors are those who protect children and fight for the sake of their comrades.” That explained so much actually. His outbursts of anger made more sense now. Ruijerd wasn’t lashing out at random; he just expected “warriors” to conduct themselves with dignity. His most basic set of rules seemed to be something along these lines: A warrior must never harm a child. A warrior is obligated to protect children. A warrior must never forsake a comrade. A warrior is obligated to protect his comrades. 194Goldenagato | mp4directs.com Based on these, he’d positively identified that petnapper as a “villain” rather than a “warrior” the moment he kicked me. And when the other two pleaded for their lives instead of seeking to avenge their fallen comrade, he’d contemptuously placed them in the “villain” category as well. The thing with Kurt was somewhat similar. At first, he’d viewed those three as children. So when I sat back and allowed one of them to die, that made me a villain in his eyes. But then that sharp exchange of words with Kurt changed his perspective. He’d reclassified those three as “warriors” rather than children. That made my actions easy to forgive; if anything, he seemed more upset at himself for having failed to categorize them correctly from the start. It was a little hard to tell exactly where he drew the line between “children” and “warriors”, though. I got the sense he still considered Eris to be a child, but I wasn’t sure where he placed me these days. Should I ask him? Or would that be a mistake? “There’s a battle taking place up ahead,” Ruijerd announced, interrupting my internal debate. “Oh. Is it that other party? The Super Blazers?” “That’s right.” Apparently that pig-man had found himself some trouble. I wasn’t sure exactly what sort of sight Ruijerd’s third eye offered him, but he could apparently use it from underneath a headband—and well enough to pick out one adventurer from another. Talk about convenient. I want one too. “You think we should help them?” I asked. “That’s not necessary,” he replied. Hmm. Well, they’re B-ranked adventurers after all. I guess he’d classify them as warriors from the start... We moved a bit deeper into the forest and came upon a single enormous snake coiled in a clearing. Four corpses lay scattered around it. “...Huh?” Uhm, these gentlemen appear to be dead... So that’s what 195Goldenagato | mp4directs.com he meant by “not necessary,” huh? I didn’t see Blaze’s body among them though. Had he managed to escape? “It was a party of six, right? Where’d the other two go?” “They’re dead.” A total wipe? Damn. Rest in pieces. “Okay, so what is that thing?” The snake that had killed Blaze and company was...very, very large. “A Red-Hood Cobra.” Its body was so thick that Eris and I couldn’t have wrapped our arms around it fingertip to fingertip. It had to be ten meters long. And its “neck” area was flatter and wider than the rest of its body. I could see two distinct bulges halfway down the monster’s trunk. One of those was presumably a great big lump of pork. Weren’t we looking for white cobras, though? “I wouldn’t have expected to find one in this forest,” continued Ruijerd. “Let alone such a huge specimen.” “They don’t usually live here then?” “No. But one does spawn every once in a while.” Red-Hoods were apparently a more powerful variant of White-Fang Cobra. Not only were they larger in size, they were also far more agile. Their scales were tough and resistant to fire magic; their fangs were enormous and full of deadly venom. It wasn’t clear what a White-Fang had to eat to mutate into one of these, but on occasion, you’d find one where they lived. White-Fang Cobras were B-ranked monsters, but the Red-Hood Cobra was an A-rank—and for good reason. They could wipe out a typical B-ranked party in mere seconds. At the moment, this one was occupied with his current meal, and didn’t seem to have noticed us. It was just getting started on its third adventurer of the day. “We can take this thing, right?” said Eris, confidently unsheathing her sword. 196Goldenagato | mp4directs.com “Shall we attack it?” Ruijerd asked me. “...Is it okay for me to make the call?” “Who else would?” “I leave it in your hands.” Apparently it was up to me. I took a moment to think it through. Our task today was to discover, identify, and possibly defeat the “unknown monster” lurking in this forest. First of all, it seemed obvious that the monster in question was either this Red-Hood Cobra, or the White-Fangs that were also spotted here. Neither was native to this forest. We’d probably get credit for completing the job if we headed back now and reported what we’d seen. However, if we killed it our reward would increase to two iron coins. It’d be nice to beat the thing if we could. But keeping ourselves alive was also kind of important. I’d just seen someone die right before my eyes. Failure would mean death; I didn’t want to put us in unnecessary danger. As I hesitated with my decision, Ruijerd broke the silence. “I could defeat it by myself, if you prefer.” “Could you really kill that thing on your own, Ruijerd?” “Yes. I’m more than enough for this job.” Wow. Talk about a reassuring line. I’m sure the King of Fighters reference was unintentional. “Can you take it on while also protecting Eris?” “Not a problem. We’ll fight the same way we always do.” Ruijerd didn’t seem remotely intimidated, even in the face of an A- ranked enemy. Based on that alone, I felt like we’d probably be all right. “Let’s do it then.” *** I would attack with magic from a distance while Eris and Ruijerd 197Goldenagato | mp4directs.com fought the monster at close range, same as always. So I started things off the way I always did—with a Stone Cannon. We were up against an A-ranked enemy this time, so I tweaked the spell slightly to increase its power. The projectile I created was a hollow, wedge-shaped rock, filled with concentrated fire magic that would cause it to explode on impact. I fired it off at supersonic speed, expecting to see it slam into the snake’s side with an ear-splitting boom. “Wha—” But to my surprise, the Red-Hood Cobra twisted itself around and evaded my bullet. This wasn’t just a coincidence. That thing had dodged the spell. It had spotted the projectile in the air and reacted quickly enough to evade it. The stone exploded harmlessly somewhere off in the distance. “You’ve got to be kidding me...” Our preemptive attack had been a failure, but our special attack squad wasn’t about to stop. Ruijerd charged forward in the lead, with Eris trailing off to the side. This wasn’t our usual formation; up until now, Eris had mostly been the one out in front. “Hissss!” “...Hmph!” Ruijerd led off with a typical thrust, stabbing at the snake’s head with his trident. The Red-Hood Cobra swayed to avoid the attack, then tried biting him on the rebound. Its fangs were big enough to punch a gaping hole right through a man, but Ruijerd deflected them with a casual swipe of his spear. In the meantime, Eris had circled around to the rear of the cobra. She took a big swing at its tail with her sword. The blow struck home, but didn’t cut all the way through the snake. Its scales, or perhaps its muscles, were clearly tough. “Hisssss!” Just as the Red-Hood’s attention turned to Eris, both she and Ruijerd jumped back to a safer distance. Without missing a beat, I fired off another spell at it. We’d worked out this sequence beforehand. It was pretty typical of our combat style as a party. “What, again?!” 198Goldenagato | mp4directs.com Unfortunately, the Red-Hood Cobra dodged my spell a second time. I’d sharpened the tip of my stone projectile to increase its speed, but to no avail; the bullet soared past the snake’s flank and into the forest, knocking down a few trees as it went. Once again, the monster had reacted after spotting the projectile in mid-air. It wasn’t the end of the world though. I didn’t really need to hit it. Our frontliners attacked in waves. Ruijerd persistently targeted its brain and vital organs; Eris darted in to chop at its tail, keeping the thing distracted. And every now and then, I fired off a potentially deadly spell. The pattern was a simple one, but it wasn’t easy to deal with. If the monster had focused its attacks on Eris, it could have potentially broken through our lines. But Ruijerd was so masterful at drawing “aggro” that the Red-Hood Cobra was forced to ignore both her and myself. Ruijerd and I weren’t landing any hits, but over time, the snake grew fatigued. Its movements began slowing. And in the end, one of my Stone Cannon spells finally struck home. *** By the time we finished processing the Red-Hood Cobra’s body, the sun had already set. We were having a snake-meat feast for dinner tonight, naturally. I didn’t know which specific parts of this thing were valuable, so we just ripped out its fangs, then stripped off its skin and rolled it up like a carpet. We’d found the eggs that Kurt’s party had been looking for nearby, but they were so large it seemed impossible to carry them. I thought over our options for a while before deciding to smash the things. Deliberately allowing monsters to spawn was a no-no around here after all. As for Blaze and company...we relieved them of anything that looked valuable, then burned and buried their bodies. If we’d just left them lying there, would they have turned into Executioners eventually? I didn’t entirely understand this whole “reviving as a zombie” phenomenon to be honest. Gotta say, though, that red snake was really something... 199Goldenagato | mp4directs.com I found myself thinking back on the battle we’d just fought— specifically, about the way that cobra had avoided my magic. It had dodged my spells. Numerous times in fact. Until that direct hit at the very end, I never really even grazed the thing. Come to think of it, the Executioner earlier today had probably done something similar. I’d targeted my first spell at its chest, but it only lost part of one arm. Maybe I needed to assume that monsters ranked B or higher were capable of avoiding magic. That red snake was ranked A of course. It had actually avoided Ruijerd’s spear thrusts too...but that was probably because he was holding back. If he really wanted to, I was sure he could have killed it instantly. Interesting that it never dodged Eris’s sword though. Maybe it felt that wasn’t necessary, given how much less dangerous she was. In any case...this world really was chock-full of terrifying threats. Even some humans could supposedly ward off magical attacks, and now I’d run into monsters that could dodge a mid-air bullet. At this rate, I had to assume S-ranked monsters may be capable of shrugging off a Stone Cannon strike without a scratch. Now there’s a scary thought... I’ve gotta make a mental note to keep my distance from dangerous places. One way or another, we’d managed to complete our task. As it turned out, it would be the last one we ever finished in the city of Rikarisu. 200Goldenagato | mp4directs.com Chapter 13: Failure, Chaos, and Resolve Having slain the Red-Hood Cobra, our party headed back to the Adventurers’ Guild. As always, we met up with Jalil outside the building itself to exchange our task cards. We also handed over the snake’s fangs and skin, and worked out our stories to make sure they stayed consistent. There was a large amount of stuff to carry this time, so for once we all headed over into the guild, even Vizquel. The moment we set foot inside, Nokopara came sidling up to us. It seriously felt like the guy never left this place...or left us alone. “Hey there! Looks like you’ve been huntin’ some real interestin’ prey. Are those Red-Hood Cobra scales I see? Well?” I glanced over at Jalil, prompting him to trot out the story we’d worked out in advance. “Y-yeah, that’s right. We got lucky and ran into the thing when it was already real weak.” “Hmmm. You two took down a Red-Hood, huh...?” Nokopara stared down Jalil with something that looked like a condescending smirk on his horsey face. What’s going on here? He seems kinda different today... “W-we found the bodies of the Super Blazers guys before we ran into it actually. They must have softened it up before they died...” “What? Hold on, you sayin’ Blaze is dead?” “Yeah.” “Damn. Guess that’s how it goes when you run into a Red-Hood though...” Nokopara said with a disinterested snort. “Still...even if it was weakened up, it’s hard to imagine you an’ Vizquel takin’ one of those monsters down...” “Well, it wasn’t just weakened, really. It was almost dead. I mean, you 201Goldenagato | mp4directs.com could almost say it was dead. It was still breathing, yeah, but it was basically a goner, you know?” Jalil, speaking a bit too rapidly now, chose this moment to walk hurriedly away. Nokopara didn’t seem to be satisfied yet, though, and turned his attention to us. “So! You guys find some lost pet again today or what?” “Yeah. Master Jalil’s taught us some excellent techniques. We managed to earn ourselves a bit more pocket money today.” “Hmmmm...” Something felt a little off about this conversation. I tried to slip away and walk off quickly like Jalil had, but just as I began moving, Nokopara slung his arm around my shoulders in a weirdly intimate way, and leaned over to whisper in my ear. “So tell me, how exactly were ya huntin’ down pets outside the city?” For just an instant, I stopped moving. But I think I managed to keep my poker face on. This was a situation I’d planned for. He’d only seen us heading out of Rikarisu. I could talk my way around that. “It just happened to wander outside of town this time.” “Oh reaaally? So what then...” This time, Nokopara grabbed Jalil firmly by the shoulders. “Did that Red-Hood Cobra just happen to be inside the city, too?” Okay. So he’d seen Jalil and Vizquel around town as well. In other words, the jig was up. “Hmm. Verrry strange. Lots of odd things happening these days.” I’d given some thought to this scenario. We did have some options to deal with it. For example, I could blame everything on Jalil. If I insisted he was forcing us to do dangerous, high-rank work against our will, I could wriggle my way out of the immediate crisis. I wasn’t going to go down that route though. If I did, Ruijerd might cut off ties with me for good. It was conduct unbefitting of a warrior after all. “Come on, guys. Just ’fess up already, why don’tcha?” “To what exactly?” I asked. “Have we done something wrong?” “Huh?” 202Goldenagato | mp4directs.com “We helped out with P Hunter’s job, and P Hunter helped out with ours. Is that such a big deal?” Instead of sticking to lies and cover stories, I chose to give the “So what?” approach a try. I’d looked over the guild regulations a second time a while ago, and there definitely wasn’t any clear rule against what we were doing. Of course, that didn’t mean people would be okay with it. You don’t get to do anything you want just because it’s not technically illegal. But I wasn’t sure if we’d crossed the line into unacceptable behavior either. May as well try insisting that we’d done nothing wrong. “Are you friggin’ serious, kid? Ya ever thought about what happens if a buncha other idiots start pullin’ that crap too?” “Not really. What would happen?” “Jobs would start gettin’ sold to the highest bidder. The whole damn point of the guild would disappear!” Hm. I could insist we weren’t paying each other for our tasks...but that probably wouldn’t fly, would it? Right... I guess you could technically classify this as a form of “buying or selling guild tasks.” This guy’s smarter than he looks. To be sure, if our methods became more common, you’d probably start seeing some people selling off their jobs for an easy profit. For example, someone could just accept all the D-ranked jobs available at once, then sell them off piecemeal to the other D-ranked guys. The seller would get a steady flow of cash, and eventually move up the ranks—all without lifting a finger himself. Of course, with that approach, you’d end up failing any jobs you couldn’t manage to sell. “Why do you even care, Nokopara? We’re not causing you any trouble, are we?” “Ya sure you wanna take that tone with me, kid? Yer standin’ at a bit of a crossroads right now, see... You listen up, too, Jalil!” At this point, Nokopara seized me by the front of my robe and lifted me up off the floor. Glancing behind me, I shook my head at Eris and Ruijerd, whose eyes 203Goldenagato | mp4directs.com were flashing with anger. Right now, I needed them to stay; this conversation wasn’t over yet. “Hehehe...” It was hard to interpret Nokopara’s expression, what with the whole horse-head thing. But I got the definite impression that he was leering at me. “If ya care about yer status as an adventurer, ya best start bringin’ me two iron coins per month.” Oh wow. This is almost refreshing actually. I felt like this was the first time I’d met one of these types since I was reincarnated in this world. Everyone I’d run into lately was more of a shades-of-grey character, you know? It was kinda nice to get such a clear-cut bad guy for once. At least I wouldn’t have to overthink the situation. In any case, now I knew why Nokopara hung around the guild all day. He obviously kept a sharp eye out for adventurers who were up to no good— so he could squeeze cash out of them. Seemed like a nice, easy line of work. Couldn’t I just report him for blackmail or something? No...that would mean exposing my own actions as well... “You guys are makin’ good money these days, right? Heheh. Oughta be no sweat.” “D-do you mind if I...ask a few questions?” I said, doing my best to sound hopelessly flustered. “Like what?” “Uhm... I guess what we did...would probably be classified as selling a job, right?” “Yeah, fer sure. They’d slap ya with a nice fat fee and rip up yer card if they ever found out. Wouldn’t like that, would ya?” “No! No. We...don’t want that.” Stay calm. This isn’t anything worth panicking over. I knew something like this might happen. We’re okay. We’re still okay. “U-uhm, okay, we don’t have that kind of cash on hand right now, so...can Jalil and I go turn in our jobs?” “Sure, whatever. Just don’t make a run for it, all right?” “W-wouldn’t dream of it, chief!” 204Goldenagato | mp4directs.com This guy wasn’t that smart after all apparently. The two of us broke away and headed for the counter. “H-hey...what do we do? What are we gonna do, man?!” “Calm down, Jalil. You need to act like nothing’s wrong.” Having offered Jalil those vague instructions, I signaled Vizquel to come over and join us. We passed over our completed task cards and received our rewards. But before we left the counter, I also had them dissolve P Hunters and join Dead End. This step may or may not be meaningful. I wasn’t sure how detailed the Guild’s records were. I looked back across the room and saw Ruijerd glaring at Nokopara with murder in his eyes. While we may have broken the guild’s rules, it seemed Horseface’s arrogant attempt at blackmail was a far graver violation of the warrior’s code. With a small gesture, I signaled Ruijerd to restrain himself. Eris didn’t seem to understand what was going on. If she spoke the Demon-God tongue, she’d probably have been the first to attack that obnoxious horse...and she’d probably have used her sword, not her fists. As Jalil and I rejoined the group, Nokopara slung his arms around our shoulders like we were old friends or something. “All right then! Cough up yer payment for this month, boys.” With a forced smile on his face, Jalil started to hand over the two iron coins he’d just received, but I grabbed his hand to stop him. “Just one thing before we do that.” “What? Make it quick, kid. I got a real short fuse.” I paused for just an instant to steady my nerves and say a silent little prayer. “You do have some sort of proof that we broke the rules, right?” Nokopara’s irritated “Tch!” echoed across the lobby. *** 205Goldenagato | mp4directs.com Nokopara started off by pulling a list of tasks that Dead End had completed from the Guild’s record books. The clerk didn’t ask him why he wanted this information; this probably wasn’t the first time he’d asked for it. Apparently, we’d be using this information to pay a few visits to our previous clients. “Oh, and don’t get any funny ideas about attackin’ me in some back alley,” said Nokopara, his eyes moving from Ruijerd to Jalil. I felt like the rage on Ruijerd’s face was pretty obvious, but Horseface didn’t seem too intimidated. Maybe he was used to getting glared at by men who wanted him dead. “If I die, my pals will go straight to the guild to report ya. Oh, an’ unlike you phony C-rankers, I’m the real deal. I could hit B-rank anytime I felt like it.” You had to assume that last part was just a bluff. Even Nokopara surely didn’t believe that he could take us one on five. He was driving us into a corner, yes, but that didn’t mean he had a death wish. Still, this seemed somewhat careless of him. I would’ve taken at least one bodyguard along if I were in his shoes. “Oookay then, here we are.” The first place we arrived at was an ordinary but unfamiliar house. When Nokopara knocked on the front door, a cranky-looking old lady emerged. She had an eagle-like beak on her face and wore a plain black robe. A sugary-sweet smell wafted from inside the house itself. No doubt we’d interrupted her in the middle of whipping up some Nerunerunerune... The old lady glared at us suspiciously at first, but once she noticed Vizquel, her face lit up. “Well now! If isn’t Vizquel! What’s all this, dear? You’ve brought me quite a crowd today. Oh, are these the other members of Dead End Ruijerd?” Nokopara surveyed our startled faces, then looked back at the old lady, who clearly only recognized Vizquel. He let out an amused grunt, a nasty smile spreading across his face. “Sorry, lady, but they ain’t Dead End. Ya got scammed.” “What?” Glancing at Nokopara, the old lady snorted disdainfully. 206Goldenagato | mp4directs.com “How exactly did I get scammed? Huh?” “Well, they—” “Vizquel cleared out those bugs just fine. Can’t beat a Zumeba for this sort of thing, can you? I haven’t seen a single one since.” From the sound of things, Vizquel had dealt with some sort of insect infestation here. Come to think of it...this old lady matched what we knew of one of the clients Ruijerd had observed her working for. “So long as you do the job quick and proper, I couldn’t care less if you’re the real Dead End!” Nokopara wasn’t the only one startled by that comment. Ruijerd’s eyes went wide as well. “L-Listen, lady...” “Hell, I’m an old woman. I don’t have much time left either way. If I had a chance to meet a real Superd at the end, I’d take it every time.” Nokopara’s eyes darted around uncertainly for a moment, but then he turned forcefully to Vizquel with a scowl. “Vizquel! Let’s see yer adventurer card!” Vizquel started in surprise, but then a small smile spread across her face. She took out her card and showed it off to everyone. The final line, of course, now read “Party: Dead End.” “What the—damn it! Are you kiddin’ me?!” At this point, P Hunter no longer existed. An examination of the guild’s records would probably have revealed why. And with a bit more work, evidence of our rule-breaking might also have emerged. But at least for now, this didn’t seem to occur to Nokopara. “To hell with this! We’re goin’ to the next one!” With a small smirk on my face, I followed as he stomped off to the next address on his list. *** 207Goldenagato | mp4directs.com By the time we’d visited several dozen former clients, Nokopara’s face had somehow gone from red to blue. “Shit! What’s goin’ on here?!” Everyone we spoke to had the impression that Jalil and Vizquel were members of Dead End all along. Their adventurer cards even backed up that story. There was even a feel-good moment near the very end when we came to the girl who’d been our first ever client; she’d yelped with joy and hugged Ruijerd’s leg. “I’m sorry, Nokopara, but I don’t think we can pay you if you can’t produce any proof.” “God dammit...” Forget paying, maybe I’d report him to the guild. I could always accuse him of “obstructing” us from finishing our jobs or something. “Heheheh...” As I snickered evilly to myself, the final destination on Nokopara’s list came into view. It was...apparently the Wolfclaw Inn. It seemed Jalil had taken on some odd job in the place that we were staying. Bluffing our way through this might be harder if we had to deal with anyone who actually knew us, but I felt like we’d barely spoken with the innkeeper. We’d probably manage somehow. “Here. They’re the last ones.” Two people emerged from the Wolfclaw Inn’s front door. I froze at the sight of them. This was not good. There were about fifteen different alarm bells going off in my head: Emergency. Emergency. Red alert. Air raid incoming! Unanticipated contingency! All too late, I understood just how thoughtless and stupid I’d really been. “Oh, Rudeus. You’re back. Good to see you, man... Uh, what’s with all these people?” We were face to face with the surviving members of the Tokurabu Village Toughs. There was deep exhaustion on Kurt’s face, but he still 208Goldenagato | mp4directs.com greeted us in a friendly tone of voice. “Hey there, kid. You remember who saved you in the Petrified Forest? That was Dead End, right?” Ah, crap. I don’t know if Nokopara had picked up on my panic, or if he’d planned to ask that question from the start. But either way, he had us now. Dead End’s current party rank was D. The task P Hunter had accepted was ranked B. In other words, we couldn’t possibly have taken that job. Our story was about to fall apart. “What...?” Kurt looked over at me and Rudeus. I shook my head frantically, trying to tell him to keep his mouth shut. Come on! You’re a proud kid! No one helped you! You got through that mess all by yourselves, right? If the kid would at least insist he had no idea what Nokopara was talking about, we still had a chance. I just had to pray his stubborn pride would come through for us. Meeting my desperate gaze, Kurt nodded decisively. “Of course it was! I’ve never seen anyone as strong as these guys before!” Oh my. What an honest boy! He proceeded to explain just how strong we really were, describing our defeat of the Executioner and the Almond Anacondas in a vigorous style that involved tons of sound effects. “Seriously, Rudeus is freaking crazy! Those Execs are hella scary, no doubt, but that one shoulda never got on Dead End’s bad side! This was a one-on-one fight, right? Exec versus Rudeus! How do you think that went? Boom! Splat! It was over in one shot, man! One shot! Oh, and Ruijerd’s unbelievable too! He was just, like, fwoosh! And then kablam, there go the anacondas! He was doing all this ridiculous stuff without even batting an eye! Seriously, I got goosebumps!” Nokopara listened to the entire story with a great big grin on his face, tossing in the occasional, “Wow, ain’t that something,” or, “No kidding?” 209Goldenagato | mp4directs.com When Kurt finally ran out of steam, he turned back to us. “Well, that’s awful weird. Didn’t you guys take a job around the city? Why were you off in the forest savin’ kids from monsters?” “Uh, well...we just tagged along with Jalil on that one...” “Sorry, but Jalil and Vizquel were in the city that whoooole time.” It was over. No point pretending anymore. Nokopara had obviously figured out how to use this to drive our backs against the wall. Calm down! You’ve still got a chance here! Focus, man. For now, we need some options to choose from. Let’s say three. Uh, all right. Here we go... 1. Kill Nokopara If he really did have a bunch of co-conspirators, like he claimed, this plan would end very badly. But there was also a chance it might go off smoothly. It was a total dice roll, in other words. Bad idea. 2. Blame Jalil for everything We were newbies, and Jalil was a veteran. If I started screaming that he tricked us into this and took advantage of us, we might slip off the hook. However, trying this one would cost me Ruijerd’s friendship. Betraying our “comrades” would just be wrong after all. Another bad idea. 3. Cough up the money now, find a way out later This was another dice roll. I might find some way to resolve things quickly, but now that Nokopara knew we were dangerous, he’d probably set up a multi-layered scheme to keep us trapped in this city and safely in his gang’s clutches. Another bad idea. Well, now I had three terrible plans to pick from. That was clearly time 210Goldenagato | mp4directs.com well spent! What the hell was I going to do? The single simplest way out was plan two, but it was probably the worst choice by a long shot. Whatever its immediate benefits, we’d be crippling ourselves in the long run. Betraying Jalil and Vizquel would mean losing Ruijerd’s trust for good. He’d probably never listen to a word I spoke ever again. Plan two was off the table. Absolutely off the table. Plan one was no good either. It was just...senseless. I’d derail myself completely off the path I’d been following up until today. It didn’t matter how casually people viewed death on the Demon Continent; that wasn’t even the issue here. If I killed Nokopara now just to get myself out of trouble, I’d start solving all my problems the same way. I wasn’t ready to commit to murdering my way through my life. Plan three wasn’t any better though. By handing money over to these people, we’d be admitting our own guilt. That was the last thing I wanted to do. There was also a real possibility we’d end up breaking other rules, or even laws, as they were squeezing cash out of us. That would give Nokopara more leverage over us; his demands would likely escalate. He might even try to get his grubby hands on Eris... I knew I would if I were him. If it came to that, we’d be forced to kill him after all. But even so...it basically had to be plan three, right? No, no. Compared to going down that road, we may as well pick plan one from the start. We’d just have to kill Nokopara. And all his friends too. Was that just...my only option here? Was I really going to do this? Did I have to? I honestly didn’t know if I could bring myself to murder someone. And how were we going to deal with the rest of his gang, wherever they were? Maybe Ruijerd could track them down somehow. But how? If he didn’t even know who he was looking for, that third eye of his probably wouldn’t do us much good. There was always the option of just giving up on the “adventurer” 211Goldenagato | mp4directs.com thing. We could find ways to survive, even without the guild. I had a decent sense for the ways we could earn money on this continent by now. Still...let’s say I made that call, painful as it may be. What would happen to Jalil and Vizquel? Not only had they participated in our scheme, the guild’s investigation might turn up evidence of their pet abduction business. Our party had some money saved up and no particular attachment to this city, but the two of them were different. This was their home, and they might end up getting driven out of it. Those two didn’t have the skills to survive out in the wilderness. Wouldn’t abandoning them just be another kind of betrayal? Could we take them in after they were banished? No. Not a chance. It would be hard enough dealing with our own problems; we couldn’t possibly take care of them as well. ...Okay, to hell with this. I need to steel myself. I’ll become a killer if I have to. Remember the goal. I have to get Eris back home safe, no matter what. To make that happen, I’m willing to betray both Jalil and Ruijerd. I don’t care if Eris ends up hating me. I don’t care if I can never look Paul or Roxy in the eye again! I’ll flood this whole damn city with a Saint-tier spell. Eris and I can make a run for it in the confusion. Let them take away my status as an adventurer if they want to. I’m going to reach my goal, no matter how low I have to sink. Just you watch! *** With my mind made up at last, I began gathering magical energy in my hands... then noticed the look on Nokopara’s face. “Wha...ah...” He’d gone white as a sheet all of a sudden, and his knees were trembling. He wasn’t looking at me though; he was staring at something behind me. 212Goldenagato | mp4directs.com I turned around. Ruijerd was standing there, looking very... wet. A water jug I’d noticed out behind the inn lay on the ground next to him. “R-Ruijerd...?” His hair shone emerald green in the sunlight. It was soaking wet. He’d dumped the water over his head and washed out the blue dye. He’d also undone his headband to expose the red “jewel” on his forehead. “H-he’s a...S-S-Superd...” Nokopara had fallen backward, landing on his bottom. “I am Ruijerd Superdia, also known as Dead End. It appears my identity has been exposed. I suppose I’ll have to kill you all now.” Ruijerd delivered his line in a stiff, unnatural monotone. The man really wasn’t cut out to be an actor. Still, the rage in his eyes was real. “Aaaaaaah!” Someone let out an ear-piercing shriek. And suddenly, everyone on the street was screaming—girls, young men, and old people alike. They dropped whatever they were carrying and ran for their lives. As the chaos spread, Jalil was the first to betray us. Shouting, “They threatened me! I didn’t know anything! I’m not on their side!” he turned and ran, taking Vizquel with him. Kurt’s legs had given out under him. Maybe he was remembering how sharply he’d spoken to Ruijerd just the other day... His face was deathly pale, and it looked like he was pissing himself. Why were they all so terrified all of a sudden? It was still Ruijerd. His hair color had just changed, that was all. I couldn’t begin to understand it. You guys were acting normally up until now, right? Come on, Kurt. You were just talking up Ruijerd like he was some sort of superhero. You said you wanted to be like him someday, remember? You were looking at him with respect in your eyes! So why? Why are you so afraid of him now that his hair’s green? Look at Eris, man. She doesn’t have any idea what’s going on, but she’s staying calm, right? She’s standing there with her arms folded, her feet wide apart, and her chin in the air. Quietly watching all this with her 213Goldenagato | mp4directs.com eyes wide open. So why’s everyone else freaking out? Many of the people around us were fleeing in a blind panic. Others were sitting in the street. A few had drawn their weapons, although their legs were wobbling. There’d been many different types of people in the area, but they were all trembling now. All this because of one guy with green hair? I knew the people here feared Dead End. But I didn’t know they feared him this much. I didn’t know how visceral their terror was. Hah. It kind of made me want to laugh. What was the point of all my plans and scheming anyway? They took one look at his real hair color, and this is what we got. Did I really think my little PR plan was going to change a thing? How ridiculous. Maybe I assumed everyone would come to understand him, the way Eris and the Migurd did. But that was never going to be possible. This wasn’t a question of countering a few ugly rumors. For these people, the Superd were terror personified. And I wanted to change that? What a joke. It was hopeless from the start. As all hell broke loose around him, Ruijerd slowly walked up to Nokopara. “You there. Your name was Nokopara, wasn’t it?” Grabbing the horse-man by the neck, he pulled him up off the ground. Nokopara’s body looked heavy, but Ruijerd lifted him effortlessly. “Ruijerd! Don’t kill him!” Even now that it had come to this, I found myself shouting out a warning. If he killed Nokopara under these circumstances, with everyone watching, the name “Dead End” would be tainted forever. Honestly, though, wasn’t it already? Was there any point to holding back now? Nope, not really. Forget it. Go get him, Berserker! “I-I’m sorry! I h-had no idea you were the real deal! P-please, don’t kill me! Please!” Ruijerd’s face was full of rage. Nokopara was shaking like a leaf. 214Goldenagato | mp4directs.com “Hey, what the heck is going on?!” hissed Eris, sounding a bit unnerved. “We’re in the middle of a worst-case scenario,” I responded slowly. “So why aren’t you doing anything about it?!” “Because there’s nothing I can do. Sorry.” “Well, I guess we’re really out of luck then!” The girl gave up quickly enough. In her defense, I’d already done the same a while ago. There was no fixing this mess. And it was all my fault. I’d assumed we could always “figure something out,” even if somebody caught on. I’d let myself believe we could improvise our way through any unexpected trouble. And this disaster was the result. Now that events had come this far, the only real way I could intervene would be to carry out my original idea and wash the slate clean. Like, with a magic tidal wave. Good one, right? Hahaha. “P-please, ya gotta have mercy! I-I’ve got three...no, seven hungry kids at home!” Nokopara pleaded for his life in a somewhat incoherent fashion. It was fairly obvious those kids didn’t exist. Even I could have managed to come up with something more convincing. “...I’m leaving this city. And you are going to forget you ever met me.” Still, Ruijerd let him off the hook right away. I suppose the reference to children was probably a factor there. “R-right, right! Th-thank ya so much!” Relief washed over Nokopara’s face...for an instant at least. “However you had better hope our status as adventurers hasn’t been revoked by the time we reach the next town.” Ruijerd jabbed his trident forward and sliced a single shallow cut across Nokopara’s cheek. A wet stain spread across the front of the horse- man’s pants, and something bulged out in the rear. “Don’t assume you’re safe within this city’s walls...” Nokopara nodded vigorously and repeatedly. 215Goldenagato | mp4directs.com When Ruijerd dropped him, he hit the ground with a nasty squelch. *** Before long, Ruijerd was chased out of Rikarisu. Taking all the blame for everything on his shoulders, he fled into the wilderness. That was an ugly, frustrating day. Ruijerd set off running all by himself, leaving us behind. Soon enough, guardsmen ran up to ask everyone what had happened, and I insisted Ruijerd had done nothing wrong. But in their eyes, of course, I was just a child. They decided that he must have intimidated me into saying that. Before long, everyone arrived at the conclusion that Ruijerd had been planning out some evil plot here, using us as his pawns; the details of his scheme were unclear, but at least he’d never gotten the chance to carry it out. Everyone around us looked at me and Eris with pity in their eyes. They were convinced that we were naïve children who’d been manipulated by a vicious devil. I was so angry I could have punched someone. What exactly had Ruijerd done wrong anyway? All of this was my fault. None of it would have happened if I hadn’t gotten so damn complacent. Eris and I returned to the Wolfclaw Inn, gathered up our few possessions, and left it for good. We needed to hurry, or Ruijerd might wander off somewhere. It wasn’t like we could stick around in this city ourselves anyway. Nokopara was still alive, as were his supposed allies. And the fact remained that we’d broken the guild’s rules. Once things calmed down a little, we’d be boxed in again—and without Ruijerd to rely on. “Hey, Rudeus...” As we were walking out of the inn, Kurt approached us with an uncertain expression on his face. I didn’t know what to say to him honestly. “Why the heck are you guys travelling with that monster?” “Don’t call him a monster. You remember who saved you in that forest, right? Where do you get off pissing your pants at the sight of him?” 216Goldenagato | mp4directs.com “Well, uh...that’s true, I guess. My bad...” Okay, there’s no point taking it out on Kurt. He was trying to help us back there. “Sorry, Kurt. That wasn’t fair.” “Nah, it’s fine. It’s not like you were wrong.” He really was a good kid. Although Eris was still glaring at him with her hands clenched at her sides. “I’ve got a favor to ask. I want you to pay us back for saving your life.” “Okay,” Kurt said, his expression growing more serious. “What do you need?” “Ruijerd really isn’t a bad person. People are afraid of him because of things that happened a long time ago, but he’s a good guy. I want you to spread that around the city, even after we leave.” “Uh...right. Got it. I guess I do...owe him my life after all...” The kid didn’t sound entirely convinced. Oh well. He seemed like an earnest type. Maybe he’d actually keep his promise. I stopped by the Adventurers’ Guild and removed Jalil and Vizquel from Dead End. I also asked the clerk to pass on a brief message for them: “Sorry it came to this, but thanks for all your help. You’ve got his gratitude as well.” Those two did betray us at the very end, but you could hardly blame them for that. It was the only option they had to save themselves. Putting aside how things ended, they’d definitely helped us out a great deal. On our way to the gate out of town, I stopped to buy a lizard-like reptile trained to carry people and luggage. It was a large creature with six legs and charmingly bulgy eyes. On this continent, they were basically used in place of horse-drawn carriages. This particular species could easily accommodate two adult riders at once. It cost us ten iron coins—about half of all our money on hand. But I’d decided some time ago that I was going to buy one of these when we hit the road again. Having one supposedly made it much, much easier to navigate the Demon Continent. 217Goldenagato | mp4directs.com After a brief tutorial from the merchant on how to control the thing, I loaded it up with our bags and we headed out of Rikarisu. There were a large number of soldiers gathered around the gate. Maybe they were preparing to try and chase down Ruijerd or something. Their faces were pale, but their expressions were excited. When I stopped to say hello, they warned us to be careful out there, since Dead End had fled the city not long ago. From that point, they proceeded to emphasize that Dead End was a bloodthirsty devil, and speculated about what evil deeds he’d been getting up to inside the city—not that they’d ever even seen him. After a while, I just couldn’t bite my tongue anymore. “That man was in the city for nearly two months, and he didn’t cause any trouble at all.” The guards looked at me like I’d grown a second head. I glared at them, clicked my tongue in irritation, and finally walked out of the city. I was in a truly foul mood. Right now, we needed to meet up with Ruijerd. Was he still somewhere nearby? I had to assume so. If his pride as a warrior was still intact, there was no way he’d abandon us...or Eris at least. “I guess this should be far enough.” Once the city was completely out of sight, I sent a magic firework into the sky. It burst in mid-air with a ferocious boom, producing a flash of light and a wave of heat. We waited for a while, but Ruijerd didn’t appear. “Eris, can you call for him as well?” Eris shouted out Ruijerd’s name at the top of her lungs. Which was incidentally pretty loud. This time, something did appear after a while. But it was a group of Pax Coyotes. I took out my irritation on them. Soon enough, the rocky area we were standing in was transformed into a perfectly flat plateau, and the monsters were reduced to bloody chunks. Could they still come back as zombies, even from this state? Hmph. Not my problem. That city can deal with it. 218Goldenagato | mp4directs.com “Look, it’s Ruijerd!” Not long after the battle ended, our wayward Superd finally made an appearance. There was a guilty look on his face; that just made me feel even worse. “Why didn’t you show up when we called for you? Were you planning to run off somewhere without a word to us?” Yet for some reason, the first words that came out of my mouth were accusatory. This wasn’t what I’d wanted to say at all. “I’m sorry.” Ruijerd led with an apology. Awkward. This whole mess was obviously my fault. I got cocky and careless. I made the call to team up with Jalil and Vizquel because I wanted a quicker and easier way forward. When Nokopara threatened us, I just assumed we’d manage to wriggle our way out of it. But then we got backed against the wall, and Ruijerd had to clean up my mess for me. If he hadn’t made himself the scapegoat, we may have gotten trapped in that city for good. I couldn’t even blame bad luck for the way things went. Nokopara was a pro at blackmail. He would have cornered us somehow, even if Kurt hadn’t given us away. “For what? I’m the one who owes you an apology.” I felt like such a piece of crap. “No. You did everything you could, Rudeus.” “But...” “Even the best-laid battle plans go awry. I know how thoroughly you thought about every detail, every step we took, day in and day out.” Suddenly, Ruijerd smiled and placed his hand gently on my head. “I didn’t know what you were thinking of course. And I’ll admit that, until today, I suspected your goals to be immoral. For that reason, there were times I could barely abide your decisions...” He paused to glance over at Eris, then nodded to himself. “But now I understand that you were simply desperate to protect something, no matter what the cost. I saw that in your eyes just now, when you were ready to kill that man.” Just now...? Oh, when I was about to flood the city... 219Goldenagato | mp4directs.com “You fight to protect something, Rudeus. And that makes you a warrior.” When Ruijerd spoke those words, I actually had to fight back tears. I didn’t deserve that sort of praise. I was a shallow, short-sighted person. All I ever thought about was making money and finding ways to get ahead. I’d even been ready to abandon Ruijerd himself. I nearly cast aside the one ally we could rely on to the bitter end. “Ruijerd, I... I’m...” I wanted to be honest with him. I wanted to tell him something—in my own words, plain and simple, without hiding behind superficial politeness. Even if I didn’t know exactly what that “something” was. “Don’t say anything.” But he cut me off before I could. “From this point on, put your goals ahead of mine.” “Huh...?” “Don’t worry. I’ll protect the two of you, even if you don’t improve my reputation. Trust me...please.” I did trust him. Of course I trusted him. Which meant we didn’t have to help him anymore. It made sense. Spreading the word about Ruijerd was no easy task, and trying to pursue two goals at once made it difficult to really focus on either. We may have been stretching ourselves too thin. I’d been under so much stress lately at least. I’d overlooked some things that really should have occurred to me, and failed to think through a number of important details. A situation like that can easily lead to disasters like the one we’d just experienced. And so, we didn’t have to help Ruijerd anymore. But I couldn’t accept that. Not after seeing what I’d just seen. Not after watching everyone basically chase him out of town with pitchforks. I couldn’t bring myself to say, “All right then. Just wait outside next time we reach a city.” “I can’t do that, Ruijerd. I’ll fix your reputation, no matter what.” If anything, his offer only made my determination stronger. I owed him 220Goldenagato | mp4directs.com at least this much for everything he’d done. I was just going to have to do a better job from now on. I wasn’t going to push myself past my limits again, but I’d still do everything I could. “Haven’t you learned your lesson, Rudeus? Am I really so untrustworthy?” “I do trust you. That’s why I want to help you reach your goal.” I was bullied myself, back in the day. People slapped a label on me, one that I never managed to remove. And I suffered for it. I spent decades by myself. If Roxy hadn’t dragged me outside, I might never have escaped that isolation; I might never have even met Sylphie or Eris. Ruijerd was a more complicated case, of course, and the scale of his problem was incomparable to mine. But that was no reason for me to give up on him. Roxy had helped me without even meaning to, but I wasn’t Roxy. I’d have to keep trying, keep screwing up, and slowly crawl my way forward through the mud. It may be a total nuisance, from Ruijerd’s perspective. There may be more disasters like this in store, when he’d have to clean up my mess for me. But that was fine by me. I’d rather fail than not even try. “...You’re certainly a stubborn one.” “You’re one to talk, Ruijerd.” “Hah... All right then. Let’s do what we can, I suppose.” With a wry smile, Ruijerd nodded slightly. For some reason...in that moment, I felt like I’d finally earned his trust for good. *** When I woke up the next morning, Ruijerd was as bald as a cue ball. The sight left me dumbfounded. Also a little freaked out, honestly. In combination with that scar on his face, it made him look like a yakuza. 221Goldenagato | mp4directs.com “What happened yesterday made it clear that my hair frightens people, so I got rid of it.” That...must have taken real resolve. Back in Japan, shaving yourself bald was a way of expressing single-_minded determination, or showing remorse for some huge mistake. Things were different in this world of course. But even so...seeing Ruijerd like this, I sort of felt like I should follow his example. The best way to atone is through action after all. Do I really want to shave myself bald too? I mean, I did screw up here, right? But...hmm... Man, I dunno... “U-uh, Eris? You think I should do that too?” “Don’t you dare. I like your hair the way it is, Rudeus.” Yeah, okay. So I ended up using Eris to get myself off the hook. Go on, laugh at me. I deserve it. 222Goldenagato | mp4directs.com Chapter 14: The Beginning of Our Journey For me, as a member of the Dragon Quest generation, the words “Demon Continent” naturally bring to mind the concept of a “Demon Realm.”You know...a dark land ruled over by an all-powerful Demon King, with small villages populated by monsters, long-forgotten ancient shrines, and fearsome creatures swaggering around all over the place. It wasn’t really like that in this world though. For one thing, that all- powerful Demon King was nowhere to be found. Which isn’t to say that “Demon Kings” didn’t exist. In fact, there were roughly thirty of them at the moment, and they all had at least a bit of territory to lord over. But they weren’t rulers really. They just called themselves kings and acted like they owned the neighborhood. Each Demon King did have something like a guard squad or a band of knights, typically with impressive-sounding names. The soldiers in Rikarisu technically belonged to one of these. They complemented the activities of adventurers by exterminating dangerous monsters in the area, capturing criminals in town, and otherwise taking independent action to protect their homes. More of a city watch or local militia than an army really. I wasn’t that clear on the exact relationship between the local Demon King and those guys. Did he actually issue them orders, or were they just calling themselves his soldiers? They’d presumably be his army if he ever went to war, so I guess there was some sort of contract in place. At the moment, no one was fighting any wars, and things were relatively peaceful. But that only applied when you were in the neighborhood of a specific Demon King. The majority of the Demon Continent was completely lawless. Things may be calm around Southern Cross and the Holy Emperor’s Mausoleum, but everything in between was rampant with mohawk-sporting biker gangs basically. In any case, the Demon King who controlled the area around Rikarisu 223Goldenagato | mp4directs.com was named Badigadi. He was said to be a muscular, macho guy with six arms and black skin. At the moment, however, he’d set off on an aimless journey, and no one had any idea where he was. Sounded like something of a free spirit. At any rate, the Demon Continent was crawling with powerful creatures. There was a reason the Adventurers’ Guild put all the monster- slaying jobs at rank C or higher; basically every monster you could find here was at least that tough. Stone Treants were maybe just barely D-ranked. That said, demonfolk were generally stronger than humans. They were also very good in group combat, as the unique abilities of various sub-races helped them play specific roles. Hitting rank B was still a real challenge for most people, but the adventurers who got there were stronger than the B- rankers you’d find elsewhere. Those who couldn’t get that far usually ended up like Nokopara or Jalil. The more I thought about it, the more incredible Ruijerd seemed. The man said he could take down A-ranked monsters singlehandedly, and I believed him. All by himself, he was stronger than a group of six or seven skilled B-ranked adventurers. You had to be pretty happy about earning the trust of someone like that, right? *** Three days had passed since we left the city of Rikarisu. I’m not sure if it had anything to do with the fact that I was feeling a bit more relaxed after winning over Ruijerd, but my appetite was growing increasingly ferocious. The problem was, we didn’t have anything good to work with. We were mostly living off Great Tortoise meat, and Great Tortoise meat wasn’t my idea of a good time. I decided to try and improve our culinary situation slightly. The stuff was gross when you roasted it, so we may as well try a different method. Using magic, I whipped up a large clay pot, a basic but powerful 224Goldenagato | mp4directs.com cooking stove, and some delicious Greyrat-family artisanal water. It was everything we needed to make a basic stew. Water was a precious resource around here, but I could produce it in unlimited quantities. Initially, I wanted to use a pressure cooker to get the meat really nice and tender...but the first one I tried to make very nearly exploded, so I decided not to pursue that idea. Cooking the meat this way did take significantly longer, but we didn’t have a gas or water bill to worry about. I was willing to watch lovingly over that simmering pot for hours if I had to. It was particularly convenient that I could make all the cookware we needed using Earth magic, making it disposable. One of these days, I wanted to give smoking the meat a try as well... but Stone Treant chips probably wouldn’t imbue it with too pleasant a flavor. Stewing the Great Tortoise meat did make it somewhat more edible. Instead of chewing on nasty tough meat, we now had nasty tender meat. Yeah, it was still nasty. You couldn’t simmer that pungent aroma out of it, and the flavor was what it was. It was weird, honestly. I could have sworn this stuff tasted much better back at that Migurd village. Were we missing something? After a moment’s thought, it finally dawned on me. It must have been those plants they were growing inside the village. I thought they were half-dead vegetable crops, but that wasn’t the case. That plant was probably some sort of herb or spice... something they used to hide the stench of their meat and improve its flavor. I’d been totally misled by Roxy’s description of them as “bitter and unpleasant.” They were used for seasoning; you weren’t supposed to eat them on their own. Good grief. My master could be such a blockhead sometimes. I made a mental note to try and buy some spices of that kind if any were available in the next city we visited. I wanted to pick up some other ingredients as well, just for variety’s sake, but maybe it would be a waste of money. Food tended to be expensive on this continent. Vegetables were particularly pricey, since the region was inhospitable to plant life. You could buy five kilograms of meat for the cost of something that resembled a scraggly ginseng root. 225Goldenagato | mp4directs.com Great Tortoise meat was cheap. It was the staple food around here, more or less. Those things were larger than a five-ton truck, so killing one would get you enough meat to keep a family sated for quite a while. Of course, you couldn’t feed an entire city that way. Sometimes people ate Pax Coyotes, or even the larva of insects that lived inside Treants. Brave as she was, Eris hadn’t been too interested in trying the latter. Not that I felt any differently. The culinary culture of this continent wasn’t exactly to my liking. Depending on how you cooked it, Great Tortoise meat could at least be edible. By the standards of Demon Continent fare, it was probably on the “tasty” side. I could just barely understand where Ruijerd was coming from when he called it delicious. Still, I really needed to get my hands on some seasoning. Eris and Ruijerd seemed content to eat their meat plain though. In other words, I’d be making the call to buy the spices all by myself. That wasn’t good. We were a team after all. We probably needed to get into the habit of talking our decisions over as a group. *** “Gather ’round, everyone!” I shouted. It was just about our usual bedtime. Eris was looking for a good spot to place the rolled-up bundle of cloth she used as a pillow, and Ruijerd was beginning to scan the area for enemies with his eyes closed. But tonight, we had something to take care of first. “I’d like to call a group meeting.” “A group meeting?” Eris said, tilting her head quizzically. “Yes. I expect us to run into a variety of problems on our travels. By talking things through and making some important decisions in advance, we can avoid getting into arguments when time is of the essence.” “Wait...” There was a dubious expression on Eris’s face. Maybe she wasn’t interested in dealing with the details? Ruijerd and I could probably make all the decisions by ourselves, but leaving her out felt like a bad idea. 226Goldenagato | mp4directs.com Eris wasn’t a piece of baggage, she was a member of the group. I needed her to participate. “Isn’t this that thing you used to do every month back home?” Every month...? Oh, she’s talking about those conferences I held with her other instructors, back when I was tutoring her in Fittoa. I’d honestly forgotten all about those. “That’s right. This is the adventurer-party version though.” Zipping her mouth shut, Eris dropped herself in front of me with a thump. She was clearly trying to look very serious, but there was an uncontrollable grin on her face. That seemed a little weird. It wasn’t like we were doing anything fun here, but at least she wasn’t complaining. “Am I to participate in this as well?” asked Ruijerd. There wouldn’t be much point to it if you didn’t, man... “Of course. Didn’t you have group discussions like this back in your warrior band?” “No. I made all the decisions by myself.” That was the way things usually worked in this world, I suppose: the leader calls the shots, and everyone else just follows orders. But I happened to grow up in a democracy. “As of today, I want to talk things out among the three of us and make decisions as a group.” “Very well.” With an easy nod, Ruijerd sat down as well. The three of us now formed a circle beside our campfire. “All right then. I hereby call the first ‘Dead End Team Meeting’ to order. Applause, please!” Clap clap clap. Clap clap clap. “Rudeus, why are we clapping?” “That’s just how these things work.” “You didn’t do this in those meetings with Ghislaine though.” How did she even know that? Well, whatever. “This is our very first meeting, which makes it an occasion worth commemorating, okay? That’s why we’re applauding.” Also, we’re adventurers, not tutors. May as well keep things lively, 227Goldenagato | mp4directs.com right? “Ahem. Now then! As we all know, I recently screwed up big time.” “No, that wasn’t your—“ “Quiet, please!” I shouted, doing my best impression of a high-strung lady in triangular glasses. “Ruijerd, if you want to respond, raise your hand after the current speaker finishes.” “Understood.” “All right then.” Now that I’d overpowered Ruijerd into silence, I continued. “I’ve already identified a number of factors that contributed to my failure.” I was lax about gathering information, too focused on making money quickly, over-eager to kill two birds with one stone...etcetera, etcetera. I was going to make a personal effort to be careful about all that, but I also had a more systematic solution in mind. “As a precautionary measure, I want all of us to make sure we report when something happens, communicate our thoughts, and consult each other about our options. Report, communicate, consult. That’s ReCoCo for short. Remember that, please! It’s important!” “Uh... ReCoCo, is it?” An excellent buzzword, if I do say so myself. Sounds almost French! “That’s right, ReCoCo. First of all, I want the three of us consulting each other constantly!” “Hrm. What would this involve specifically?” “When something’s troubling you, or there’s something you want to do, bring it to the group instead of keeping it to yourself.” To be honest, I didn’t have much practical experience with that type of discussion myself...but we didn’t have to make this too complicated. Making an effort was the important thing. “I’m planning on asking you two for your opinions also. When someone ‘consults’ you, listen carefully and think the matter through. Ask yourself if it’s a good idea or not, and why. Sometimes, you may come up with an even better plan or something.” 228Goldenagato | mp4directs.com In retrospect, I’d made most of my decisions without asking Ruijerd for any input at all. I always told him that I trusted him, but maybe deep down that wasn’t true. “Secondly, communicate! When you realize or notice something, make an effort to speak up and tell each other about it.” Eris was nodding, but the look on her face suggested she was thinking hard. It was tough to tell if she was really following me. “Last but not least, report! The details can frequently be important, but you can keep it simple if you want. Just make sure to inform me when something goes wrong...or when something goes right.” I was still technically the leader of this group after all. I needed to act like it. “Any questions so far, people?” “None. Please continue.” Ruijerd shook his head, but Eris raised her hand. “I have one!” “Yes, Eris?” “So the three of us are going to consult about stuff, but you’re the one who makes the final decision, right?” “Well, at the end of the day, I suppose I will.” “Why don’t you just make all the decisions right away then?” “There’s a limit to how much I can think through all by myself.” “But I’m never going to have any ideas you couldn’t think up, Rudeus!” It was nice of her to say that, but to be perfectly honest, I was also looking for some reassurance here. I wanted the chance to run my plans past them and hear something like, “That should work fine,” or, “You’ll pull it off, no problem.” “Even if that’s true, you may say something that gets me thinking in a different way, and points me toward a better idea.” “You think...?” Eris didn’t seem to fully understand the point of this. But that was 229Goldenagato | mp4directs.com probably to be expected for now. The important thing was to get all three of us using our heads. “Well then...moving on. For the moment, I’d like to discuss our future course of action.” Our journey across the Demon Continent had begun abruptly, with no time to plan ahead or prepare ourselves. We were going to have to figure things out on the fly as best we could. “First of all, let’s discuss our destination. Our ultimate goal is to reach the Kingdom of Asura, on the west side of the Central Continent. No objections there, I assume?” The two of them nodded. Of course, reaching the Central Continent was easier said than done. We couldn’t cross over to it directly from the Demon Continent; there was no sea route that connected them. The fishfolk ruled the seas on this world, and everyone else could only travel across them on a limited number of predetermined lines. “Ruijerd, how can we reach the Millis Continent?” “Boats travel to it from Wind Port, the Demon Continent’s southernmost city.” Which meant...we needed to head all the way down to the very bottom of the Demon Continent, cross over to Millis, cut across it to the western coast, and catch a boat there to the eastern seaboard of the Central Continent. It wasn’t technically our only option. There was something of a “backdoor route” as well. You could travel to the northwest of the Demon Continent, then cross over to the Divine Continent. This allowed you to reach the Central Continent without going all the way down to Millis. Theoretically, it could cut several months off the necessary travel time. However, this route wasn’t as simple as it sounded. The Divine Continent was totally encircled by steep walls of rock. Unless you had wings, it was essentially impossible to make it up there. That meant we’d be crawling our way around the bottom of the cliffs. There were no roads down there, and no stable footing either. There were also many, many monsters. Supposedly, only one in twenty who risked that journey lived to tell the tale. 230Goldenagato | mp4directs.com On top of it all, even if you managed to survive the Divine Continent, the next sea route took you to the north of the Central Continent—its most inhospitable region by far. Only desperate criminals with bounty hunters hot on their trail ever chose this option. The potential time gain was only theoretical. It would probably take significantly more time if we actually attempted it. There wasn’t much reason to put ourselves in mortal danger in exchange for a minor difference in the length of our trip. Which meant...our only real option was to head south. “Do you know how much the fare will be?” “No idea.” “How long will it take us to travel all the way down there?” “Quite a while, I’d expect. If we stayed on the road continuously... perhaps six months?” Six months even at a constant march? This is going to be a real hike... “Is there any way we can get there faster? Like a teleportation circle or something?” “The use of teleportation circles was forbidden in the aftermath of the Second Great Human-Demon War. Some may remain intact, but using them would likely be difficult.” Huh. I wasn’t being too serious, but I guess there really are teleportals out there. “So we’re basically stuck plodding along on the ground then?” “That’s right.” There were apparently no high-speed transportation options to speak of. Travelling for six months straight sounded...pretty daunting. Maybe I was just thinking about this the wrong way though. We weren’t actually going to stay on the road for months at a time; we were going to move along bit by bit, hopping from one city to the next. Slow but steady. A journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step and all that. “Okay. Well, let’s think short-term. If we start traveling toward Wind Port now, how long will it take us for to reach the next town?” “We should arrive at a sizable city in about two weeks.” 231Goldenagato | mp4directs.com Two weeks, huh? About what you’d expect out here, I guess. “Do you know if it has an Adventurers’ Guild?” “I would expect so.” According to Ruijerd, in the old days the Demon subraces all created their own small villages, and cities developed as central locations for them to trade, mingle, and exchange information with one another. As a result, modest-sized “towns” didn’t really exist on this continent, and you could expect any city to have a guild that employed warriors from the local peoples. Originally, before the guild’s existence, the cities were protected by warriors chosen to represent the various races living in the area. Sometimes a more warlike people would dispatch additional fighters on behalf of a race who rarely fought; the Superd and Migurd apparently had a relationship like that at some point. Marriages between different peoples were also common from the start, as a means of strengthening such bonds between villages. No wonder there was such a wide variety of Demons... The whole continent was probably full of mixed-race people. Whoops. Wandering a bit off-topic here. “All right then. In general, I think we should make our way south by traveling between cities with guilds in them.” After reaching each new city, we’d stay for a week or two. Unless we lost our status as adventurers, we could take on guild tasks and spread the word about Dead End. Once we scraped together enough cash to buy supplies for our journey to the next city, we’d get right back on the road again. “...That’s the general pattern I have in mind at least. Do you two have any questions or opinions about any of this?” Ruijerd raised his hand. “You don’t need to bother telling anyone about me. That’s part of the reason I cut off my hair. Right now, I’m not even a Superd.” “Well, we won’t go out of our way. We’ll just do what we can while completing our tasks.” After seeing what Jalil and Vizquel had accomplished, I realized we didn’t need to do anything too fancy. We’d just do our jobs politely and thoroughly and introduce “Dead End Ruijerd” to the client if it went well. 232Goldenagato | mp4directs.com And if something went wrong, “Rudeus” would be the one to step up and take the blame. Nice and simple. From now on, I’d be the one associated with Dead End’s missteps and misdeeds. I planned to keep that last part a secret from Ruijerd though. What’s that you say? “Didn’t you just decide you should talk everything over as a group?” Don’t be such a nitpicker, buddy. “Any questions specifically about what we’re going to do while staying in the cities?” “Yes!” “Go ahead, Eris.” It made me a little nostalgic to see her raising her hand like this. Almost felt like we were back in the classroom again. “Are we going to look around to see what the shops are charging for stuff, like you used to?” 233Goldenagato | mp4directs.com 234Goldenagato | mp4directs.com “Oh, you mean my market research...?” Hrm. Come to think of it, I’d slacked off on that in Rikarisu. I really had been rushing around thoughtlessly back there. If I’d bothered to study the local market in advance, I may have managed to get our all-terrain lizard for a somewhat better price. “Yes, let’s do that. Knowing the local prices is the first step toward spending money wisely after all. Anything else come to mind?” Ruijerd and Eris looked at each other silently. Seemed like the answer was “no.” Well, this was probably good enough for our first meeting. We’d no doubt run into thornier problems as we moved forward. The important thing was to talk them out slowly instead of getting into fights with each other. “All right then. Looking forward to working with you!” With that, I bowed my head and brought things to a close. As of that moment, our journey finally began in earnest. *** We made it to the next city without anyone realizing that Ruijerd was a Superd. To be fair, he’d shaved off all his hair, even his eyebrows—and on the Demon Continent, people didn’t usually do anything too dramatic with their haircuts. I got the feeling that most of them took pride in their naturally distinctive appearances. The guards at the gate greeted us warmly. Honestly, Ruijerd looked like nothing so much as a mafia thug or a skinhead at this point, but...maybe there were tons of guys with scary faces around these parts? The fact that we were actually dressed like adventurers this time probably made a difference too. They seemed genuinely pleased to have us. As we stepped inside the city, Ruijerd mentioned that he’d never received such a warm welcome before with a small smile on his face. While our appearances apparently weren’t a problem anymore, when we announced ourselves as “Dead End” at the guild, quite a few onlookers 235Goldenagato | mp4directs.com shouted questions along the lines of, “You sure that’s a good idea?” When I replied that it wasn’t a problem since we had the man himself with us, most of them burst into uproarious laughter. It was nice to see that trick still worked. I was almost grateful for how infamous the name “Dead End” was. It made for an excellent icebreaker. After settling into our lodgings at a local inn, we soon held another team meeting. Eris kicked things off this time, announcing, “Rudeus was sniffing my underwear while doing the laundry, and I want him to stop,” with a perfectly serious expression on her face. I was immediately forbidden from touching Eris’s panties again. That was kind of a problem, though, since it meant only Ruijerd was now capable of doing our laundry. I wasn’t about to hand over my darling Eris’s underwear to some old pervert who couldn’t help but pat every child he saw on the head. Therefore, we taught Eris how to do the laundry, and it became one of her responsibilities moving forward. Before too long, however, I happened to spot her furtively sniffing my underwear. Of course, I didn’t raise an objection. A man has to be broad- minded about these things, you know? Gathering information didn’t prove to be too difficult. I could find out almost anything I needed to know at the Adventurers’ Guild. All I had to do was act like a child and innocently ask the other adventurers. It went so smoothly, it almost made me wish I could stay a kid forever. Eventually, I got a bit carried away and asked a lady adventurer with a nice body what her vital statistics were, at which point Eris knocked me down and sat on me jiu-jitsu style. Sadly, the concept of “tapping out” was a foreign one in this world. We moved along from city to city, following this same general pattern, and made our way steadily to the south. One month slipped by, then two... One day, Eris decided she wanted to start learning the Demon-God Tongue. 236Goldenagato | mp4directs.com Without Roxy’s dictionary, I couldn’t really put together a detailed curriculum or anything. Still, she had both Ruijerd and myself to learn from, and seemed to pick up the basics quickly. Back in the Asura Kingdom, she’d basically refused to learn how to read and write her own language, but I guess circumstances can change a person. It must have been very stressful to be the only one who had no idea what anyone was saying most of the time. “My n-name is...Eris Boreas Greyrat.” “That’s right. You got it, miss.” “Really?!” Well, she still wasn’t anywhere near ready to have an actual conversation, but... Let us recall the words of Yamamoto Isoroku. “Show them, tell them, have them do it, and then praise them; otherwise, people won’t do anything. Speak to them, hear them out, recognize them, and give them responsibility; otherwise, they will never grow. Watch them work with gratitude, and show your faith in them; otherwise, they will never truly blossom.” Tons of instructions there, but for the moment, I focused on the “praise them” part. “Truly splendid, miss! Superb work! You’re making me all tingly!” “...Are you making fun of me? “No, no! Perish the thought!” Yeah, okay, I may have gone a little overboard there... I guess you’ve got to know how to praise them, too, huh? “Hmm. You know, we’re going to be leaving the Demon Continent soon, right?” “That’s the plan. We’re headed to Millis next.” The word “soon” felt a little optimistic there. We still had a very long road ahead of us. “Maybe there’s no point to me learning the Demon-God Tongue after all then...” “Well, you may end up coming here again someday, right?” Although she’d been driven to it by necessity in this case, it seemed clear that the girl still didn’t enjoy studying very much. 237Goldenagato | mp4directs.com While I was tutoring Eris in the Demon-God Tongue, Ruijerd was also teaching her how to fight. At first, I joined in their training sessions, but I honestly couldn’t keep up. Ruijerd’s method of instruction was very simple: he exchanged blows with you for a while. Before too long, you’d end up sprawled out on the ground or with the tip of his spear up against your neck. At that point, he’d simply say, “Do you understand?” Unfortunately, I didn’t understand. Not at all. No matter how many times I tried. However, Eris was a different story. Every now and then, she’d say, “Yeah, I get it now!” with an excited expression on her face. I did theoretically understand what she was picking up from these lessons. Most likely, Ruijerd was “pointing out” our mistakes and weaknesses. Combat is fluid and dynamic. It’s difficult to describe the perfect step or feint in words, so instead, he demonstrated by example. That said, I never got anything out of it except a few bruises. If I were capable of improving just by getting knocked around, I would’ve made more progress years ago. Eris, on the other hand, was probably a prodigy. When it came to battle, she was on a totally different level. I found Ruijerd’s combat style incomprehensible. But somehow, it made sense to her. She wasn’t just pretending to understand; she was actually learning from him. I could see her getting stronger and stronger by the day. I didn’t think she was anywhere close to Ghislaine yet, but at this point, I suspected she may be slightly better than Paul. Could she beat me even if I used magic at this point? It felt plausible. I needed to give some real thought to how I could improve. The idea of sitting on my hands doing nothing while Eris grew steadily more powerful was just humiliating. In pursuit of a way to get stronger, I eventually challenged Ruijerd to an all-out fight while Eris was off running an errand. I came at him with everything I had, using the tactics I’d developed to beat close-range fighters like Paul, but... Long story short, I lost. Badly. None of my tricks, traps, or strategies were remotely effective against him. “Not bad at all. You’re already a well-rounded, powerful magician.” For some reason, though, he complimented me after the fact. I seemed to 238Goldenagato | mp4directs.com remember hearing something similar from Ghislaine a long time ago. “However, your strategic approach was poor. There’s no need for you to try and beat me in close combat.” He explained that I should have initiated the fight from a far greater distance. It was only natural to struggle when you positioned yourself right where the enemy wanted you. That definitely made sense, but...you don’t always get the chance to start a battle from half a mile away, right? “So what should I do when someone gets in my face?” “Hard for me to say. Spellcasting is outside my field of expertise... The Dragonfolk are said to be proficient at using magic in close-range combat, but my only first-hand experience of that was briefly observing Perugius in battle. I couldn’t tell you much.” “Perugius? Isn’t that the guy with the floating fortress? How did he fight?” “Yes. He summoned his Front Wyrmgate and Rear Wyrmgate, and attacked using magic claws.” Oh, summoning spells... I don’t know any of those though... “What types of summons are these Wyrmgate things?” “I don’t know the specific details, but I believe the front gate constantly drains magical power from his enemies, and the rear gate feeds that power to him.” As a result, Perugius could gain a steadily greater advantage the longer a fight dragged on. It apparently hadn’t been that effective against Laplace, who had a truly enormous supply of raw magical power...but an ordinary warrior would be sucked dry and lose consciousness in less than five minutes. “Wow. That’s one underhanded way to win a fight.” “...Is it?” I’d expected Ruijerd to back me up on that one, but he didn’t seem to agree. Maybe he thought of Perugius as a comrade of sorts, since Perugius helped him strike back against his most hated enemy. “In any case, don’t rush yourself. You’re still very young. You’ll grow stronger in due time.” 239Goldenagato | mp4directs.com In the end, Ruijerd patted my head and offered me some consolation. He did seem to view me as a “warrior” at this point, but he hadn’t stopped with the head-patting. I think he just enjoyed it for his own sake, honestly. Anyway. While I appreciated the sentiment, I wasn’t too clear on how I was supposed to grow stronger. As I grappled with these worries, our party moved slowly but steadily south. When we reached a city, we took on guild tasks there, made a name for ourselves, saved up some money, then set out for our next destination. We repeated those same basic steps over and over again, never lingering too long in one place. Before I knew it, five months had passed...then six. One day, we met someone on the road who immediately challenged Ruijerd to a fight. “My name is Rodriguez! I am the third student of Auber the Peacock Blade, pupil of the great North God Kalman!” At first, I assumed he was some sort of bounty hunter, and someone had put a price on Ruijerd’s head without us knowing about it. “Your deportment suggests you are a man of some renown! I wish to challenge you to a duel!” However, that didn’t seem to be the case. The man explained that he was a human swordsman who’d come to the Demon Continent to train himself. “What should we do, Ruijerd?” “Hm. It’s been a long time since I had a match of this sort...” According to Ruijerd, the Demon Continent actually got many visitors like this. The monsters on this continent were strong, as were the adventurers who hunted them down. This made it an ideal place for warriors to hone their skills. Wandering around with no objective except “getting stronger” seemed pointless to me, but whatever. “I wouldn’t mind accepting, but what do you think?” 240Goldenagato | mp4directs.com “I think you have every right to refuse. What do you want to do though?” “I am a warrior. When someone asks me for a bout, I would prefer to oblige them.” You could have just said that in the first place, man... I decided to set some ground rules, at least: 1. This is a friendly sparring match, not a duel to the death. No killing allowed. 2. Our warrior will only state his name after the fight’s over. 3. Both sides agree not to hold any grudges, whatever the outcome. The swordsman cheerfully consented, so the duel got underway immediately. Ruijerd won fair and square, having cleanly fended off his opponent’s most furious attacks. He didn’t take it easy on the guy or anything; he just took a calm, low-risk approach, shutting down everything the swordsman tried until he had the man cornered. “You’ve bested me completely, sir. I never expected to stumble across such a peerless fighter here... This world is truly full of wonders! What is your name, if I may ask?” “Ruijerd Superdia. People also call me Dead End.” “What? You’re Dead End himself?! The fearsome Superd warrior?! I’ve heard tell of you many times on this continent!” The swordsman seemed totally astonished by this. It seemed that much of humankind knew surprisingly little about the Superd at this point. Many weren’t aware that they fought with three-pointed spears or had a red ‘jewel” on their forehead; their emerald green hair was the only feature that remained common knowledge. In other words...four centuries after the war, they were deeply prejudiced against a whole group of people based on nothing but their hair color. How could anyone think that was a good enough reason to oppress someone? 241Goldenagato | mp4directs.com “However...I notice that you have no hair, sir.” “Yes. I recently felt the need to cut it off.” “I-I see. Well, I wouldn’t want to pry...” By now, the man knew he was standing face-to-face with the most “fearsome” and “vicious’ of the terrible Superd people, and he’d experienced the Superd’s strength firsthand. I would have expected him to shrink back in horror. But the two of them were both warriors, and that was apparently enough to form a bond of mutual respect between them. For those who lived in pursuit of strength, Ruijerd was someone to be admired rather than feared. “To think I had the chance to spar with a legendary figure such as yourself... I’ll have to boast about this to everyone back home!” That man, unlike most of the others we would run into, was clearly happy to have met Ruijerd. It was almost like they’d ran into a Hollywood superstar on the sidewalk—and discovered that despite his reputation for being rude, he was actually a warm and friendly guy. “You there! My name is—” Following that first duel, Ruijerd began receiving a constant stream of challengers. The farther south we went, the more of them we ran into. A number of these warriors-in-training were well-versed in history, and pointed out that Ruijerd had the same name as the leader of the infamous Superd band from the days of the Laplace War. When he explained that he was that same man, they all reacted with astonishment. He’d then proceed to spend an entire day and night recounting his experiences during the war to them. Old man Ruijerd did tend to prattle on once you got him started on the past. But his simple, straightforward descriptions of what really happened were apparently enthralling to other warriors like himself. In particular, they loved the part where he broke through a ring of 1,000 soldiers, went underground, and eventually got his revenge on Laplace. More than a few macho tears were shed. If we turned that whole story into a book and got it published somehow, maybe we actually could rehabilitate the image of the Superd to 242Goldenagato | mp4directs.com some degree. “War Without Justice—Mortal Combat on the Demon Continent!” sounded pretty good, right? Or maybe “History’s Untold Truths: The Real Story of the Superd!” Hey, I could probably print them up myself using Earth magic, right? And I knew all four of the major continental languages at this point. Of course, there was a possibility I’d break some local law in the process and get thrown in jail somewhere, but it felt like an idea worth filing away for future reference at least. “Goodbye then! Thank you again! I learned a great deal.” The warriors-in-training always said their farewells cheerfully. I don’t think a single one left angry or upset. And all of this was only possible because Ruijerd had cut off his hair. Maybe we should just have all the Superd shave themselves bald? All the while, we kept moving south, never losing sight of our goal. The eighth and ninth month of our journey came and went. Of course, it wasn’t all smooth sailing. Problems popped up numerous times. Eris could understand what the people around us were saying now; as a result, she’d sometimes flip out and start fights when people mocked or insulted us. Ruijerd’s identity was exposed numerous times, which resulted in us being driven out of several cities. I also repeatedly tried to peep on Eris in the bath, only to have Ruijerd drag me off by the scruff of my neck. The same problems kept cropping up at a fairly steady rate. At first, that made me anxious. I tried to think up ways to fix them, or prevent them from happening in the first place. But when I really thought about it though? Eris got into fights, yes, but she never drew her sword on anyone. And when Ruijerd got chased out of town, it was never as violent and chaotic as his flight from Rikarisu. Once, a soldier we’d gotten to know actually said, “Sorry. Some people just get scared when they know there’s a Superd around,” in an apologetic tone of voice. Also, I never actually succeeded with spying on Eris in the bath. All of these problems were pretty minor in the scale of things, in other 243Goldenagato | mp4directs.com words. They never snowballed into any major crisis. So I started worrying a bit less. Eris was a violent person; Ruijerd was a Superd; and I was a pervert. We’d all been the way we were since birth, and there wasn’t much hope in changing us now. The three of us were managing as best we could. That was good enough for me. A screw-up now and then wasn’t the end of the world. No reason to stress out about it, right? At some point, I really did start to feel that way. I wasn’t taking our mistakes lightly, or underestimating what they cost us. I just learned how to relax a little and keep things in perspective. That may sound simple, and I guess it is. But it took months and months on the road with Ruijerd and Eris before I finally got the hang of it. About a year had passed since we set out on our journey from Rikarisu. Before we knew it, the three of us had become A-ranked adventurers... And at long last, we’d reached the city of Wind Port, on the very southern tip of the Demon Continent. 244Goldenagato | mp4directs.com Extra Chapter: The Princess of Asura and the Angel Ars, the capital of the Kingdom of Asura, was the largest and most populous city in the world. At its very center, there stood a white-walled castle—naturally enough, one said to be the world’s largest and most beautiful. It was known as the Silver Palace, and it was the residence of the royal family. Within its walls, there raged a vicious, ugly, and perpetual struggle for power that belied its immaculate appearance. The kingdom’s nobles never tired of plotting, deceiving, and betraying each other. They waged battle day and night. The world of this palace was a small and hellish one—a place where it was said that absolutely no one could be trusted. As it happens, the “Displacement Incident” that had taken place in the Fittoa region of the kingdom had a major impact on the course of the wars waged within this castle. This is the story of how those events were set in motion... *** Aside from the residences of the royal family, the Silver Palace contained a number of splendid gardens. There was the Rose Garden, full of plants with red flowers; the Peony Garden, full of plants with black flowers; the Hydrangea Garden, full of plants with blue flowers; and finally, a place where only white flowers bloomed—the Lily Garden. This last was the particular favorite of a certain personage. Her name was Ariel Anemoi Asura, and she was the second princess of 245Goldenagato | mp4directs.com the Kingdom of Asura. From her mother, the queen consort, a famous beauty, she’d inherited lovely features and shining golden hair; from her father, the king, she’d inherited a peerlessly beautiful voice. And though she was not yet of age, her charisma was overpowering. The majority of the capital’s residents already spoke of her as the most beautiful princess to have ever lived. Once every three days, this young lady came to the Lily Garden. She would seat herself at a pure-white table, accompanied only by her guardian knight and her mage, and quietly take her tea. In these moments, the sight of her was charming enough to make any woman sigh longingly, and so enthralling that no man could help but stare. Her beauty, like that of a fairy from some old folk tale, was such that it seemed uncouth even to approach her. Thus no one came up to speak with the princess when she visited the Lily Garden. Not a single soul dared to try and drink tea with her. Sitting all alone at her table, she enjoyed her momentary respite alone, exchanging only a few brief words with her two guardians. Her guardian knight was a boy of great beauty in his own right. He had lovely bright chestnut hair and strong facial features; his nose was shapely, his jawline well-defined. His name was Luke Notos Greyrat. Second son of the Greyrat family, one of the kingdom’s four great provincial houses, he was a talented young knight who had already reached the Intermediate rank in the Sword God style. There wasn’t a single girl inside the castle who didn’t know of him. Although still in his early teens, he already possessed a silver tongue, and never lost the interest of any lady he conversed with. With his dashing looks and clever mind, he was said to entrance every noble daughter who crossed his path. At the very least, no other man in the castle was nearly so admired by the girls his age. The princess’s guardian mage was somewhat older, perhaps sixteen or seventeen—a young man rather than a boy. While not as remarkably good-looking as Luke, he was still handsome 246Goldenagato | mp4directs.com by any ordinary standards; his somewhat slender face possessed an amiable attractiveness. His presence added a dash of playful charm that nicely complemented the beauty of the other two, making it all the more difficult for anyone to imagine approaching them. His name was Derrick Redbat, third son of the well-known Redbat house, and he was a magician of Advanced rank who had graduated from the illustrious Asura Institute of Magic. What did these three talk about when they were alone? It was a matter of the utmost interest to all the young people living in the Silver Palace, but none of them knew the answer. On this day, as on many others, they were conversing quietly in the Lily Garden. “Well then, what color were they?” Ariel’s words echoed faintly through the quiet garden. Her voice truly was uncommonly beautiful; the sound of it brought to mind the tinkling of bells. “A lovely shade of pink... Ah, but with a tinge of orange as well,” replied the young knight Luke from across the table, where he stood in attendance. His own voice was somewhat high-pitched, as one might expect from a boy of his age, but had clarity and fullness. Derrick, the princess’s guardian mage, listened in silence. The somber expression on his face suggested he was ruminating on their words. “Personally, I prefer pert cherry-blossom buds on a field of porcelain white...” “With all due respect, Lady Ariel, I feel those that turn inward have a certain appeal as well.” “Goodness! You like the inverted ones?” Ariel’s tone was somewhat shocked, but Luke replied calmly. “Well, I will admit I’m not especially particular when it comes to such details. In the end, size is all that truly matters to me.” Ariel sighed and shook her head. “Honestly. You have no taste at all, 247Goldenagato | mp4directs.com Luke.” In reply, Luke simply shrugged his shoulders. What exactly were these two talking about, one might ask? “In any case, how did you enjoy this new maid? Sarisha, was it?” “Her body was very sensitive, and her innocence was charming. It made for quite a pleasant evening.” The answer was quite simple: Luke had been describing the nipples of the girl he’d bedded just the other day. “Is that so? Hmm. Now you’ve made me want to smuggle her into my bedchamber somehow.” “I would be perfectly happy to assist, milady.” “Oh? You’re already prepared to toss her aside, after sleeping with her only once?” “I’m afraid Sarisha’s breasts weren’t quite large enough for my liking.” Ariel and Luke, in stark contrast to their appearances, were in fact a pair of lecherous young philanderers. For some time now, they’d been preying indiscriminately on the palace maids and the daughters of mid-rank nobles. “Nothing’s more exciting than teasing cute girls like that, if you ask me. I imagine Sarisha would squeal quite nicely...” Only a limited number of people in the palace were aware of this, but Princess Ariel was both bisexual and a sadist. Many among the Asuran nobility possessed extraordinary sexual proclivities, and she was certainly no exception. Luke wasn’t quite as extreme a case, but his love of big-breasted women knew no bounds. Hiding in the shadow of their outward appearance and reputation, the two of them lived carefree lives of pleasure—indifferent to the plotting and intrigue that defined the royal court of Asura. In this, they were hardly unusual for those of their rank. The majority of the nobility indulged in behavior just as scandalous, or even more so. Asura was a kingdom with a 400-year history that had never known war or famine. For many of its upper class, a demonstrated taste for decadence was a 248Goldenagato | mp4directs.com sort of status symbol. Ariel and Luke were still young, but they were already immersed in the amusements of their kind. However... “Luke. Lady Ariel. I think it would be best for you to behave... somewhat more discreetly.” Derrick was a man with a more conventional mindset. In no small part, this was because the Redbats were merely mid-rank provincial nobility. They lived in an entirely different world from the decadence of the capital. One might wonder why such a young man had been granted the prestigious role of guardian mage to the second princess, but the answer was quite simple: his results in the Institute had been superb. Advanced-tier magicians of noble birth were a rare commodity. “Oh, Derrick...you really ought to learn what it means to be an Asuran noble.” “Milady is quite right, Derrick. You’re always like this. If you don’t figure out how to read the room, you’ll never be popular with the ladies.” As Ariel and Luke shrugged their shoulders, Derrick heaved a heavy sigh. “That’s not what I meant, Lady Ariel. You may very well rule this kingdom someday, so it seems unwise to expose yourself to gossip and jealousy. You risk making enemies.” This time, it was Princess Ariel’s turn to let out a long sigh. “Look, Derrick. You’re always saying things like that, but you do remember that I’m the second princess, correct?” “Of course. Which means you’re high in the line of succession, and a potential candidate to succeed the throne.” “I have two older brothers and one older sister. It does appear that they’ve found a husband for my sister, but my brothers are wrestling ruthlessly for the throne. With them around, there isn’t the slightest chance I’ll ever become queen.” “That isn’t true. You’re the daughter of the queen consort. That makes you the only fully legitimate heir to the throne, and—” 249Goldenagato | mp4directs.com “Stop it, Derrick,” Ariel interrupted sharply. “What if those words reached my brothers’ ears? Do you want them to send assassins after me? It’s bad enough that I’ve got all these nobles swearing fealty to me out of self- interest...” “If you chose to fight, Lady Ariel, I’d happily lay down my life to protect you from anyone they may send.” “Would you please stop saying such alarming things? That’s not too convincing anyway. I know what you really think of Luke and me... You’d probably like to get me caught up in a power struggle just so you can abandon me when the fighting starts, wouldn’t you?” “Wha—” Derrick’s eyes went wide with shock. After a moment, his body began quivering, his face grew fierce, and he clenched his hands into fists. “Look here, Derrick. I don’t care if I never take the throne. I can still drink tea in a lovely garden and live my life the way I please, and that’s enough for me. I wouldn’t stand a chance against my brothers anyway. The idea of throwing myself voluntarily into that mess is just absurd.” Ariel’s pessimism was fully justifiable. No matter how high her place in the order of succession, she was younger than her rivals and had far fewer allies. Her chances of victory were slim to none. Surely, then, it was wiser not to strive for the throne at all and simply live a life of indulgent pleasure. She was still a princess of the largest country in the world, so that option was available to her. “Never mind then...” Derrick’s heart was clouded with frustration, but he could find no other words to say. As he turned and left the garden, Ariel and Luke shrugged their shoulders, then resumed their discourse on the nipples of the palace’s women. *** It wasn’t that Derrick had abandoned his responsibilities as the princess’s guardian mage. He was just going to the bathroom. Derrick and Luke were tasked with protecting Ariel at all times, but 250Goldenagato | mp4directs.com they were only human, so their bodies had certain needs. When either of them felt the call of nature, they would usually inform the other and do their business as quickly as possible. In this world, as in any other, people were never so vulnerable as when they were relieving themselves. The sweetly fragrant air of the Lily Garden had never agreed with Derrick. At first, he’d informed Luke every time he felt the need to leave it for the nearest facility, but over time, this became so routine that Ariel and Luke began to expect it. Eventually, the princess ordered him not to bother announcing his intentions anymore. However extreme her tastes might be in some respects, she didn’t care to be reminded of scatological matters in the middle of her tea-time. As he shut himself up inside the lavatory, Derrick let out a long sigh. He was mentally replaying the conversation he’d just had with Princess Ariel. Ariel insisted she had no interest whatsoever in becoming queen, but Derrick so badly wanted her to take the throne. It wasn’t that he thought her brothers, the first prince and second prince, were unworthy candidates. If either took the throne, they’d no doubt mature into a respectable, ordinary king comparable to those who’d come before. But the way Derrick saw it, that wasn’t good enough. With either prince on the throne, Asura would continue on its current path—rotten to the core, but expanding nonetheless. The nobility’s ugly, meaningless squabbling would continue unchecked, wasting money and energy that may otherwise go toward progress. And in time, Asura might grow vulnerable to foreign influence. This land had never known hunger. No matter how corrupt the nobility, no matter how severe their taxes, the people never went hungry. Thus, their discontent rarely festered into fury; few emerged to challenge the status quo. There had been no major rebellions or civil wars. As a result of this, the kingdom had stagnated. Of course, it was still making steady progress in the fields of magic and technology. But the King Dragon Realm to the south had overtaken it in technological development, and the Magic Nations to the north were making greater strides in arcane research. 251Goldenagato | mp4directs.com While Asura still had overwhelming advantages in other respects, at this rate it was hard to say where things would stand after another century... or even half a century. The King Dragon Realm in particular was watching Asura like a hawk for any sign of weakness, eager to claim some part of its bountiful land. Asura currently believed that the mountains lining its borders meant it was safe from foreign invasion, but how would it fare against an even more technologically advanced King Dragon Realm army fifty years from now? And what if the Magic Nations seized the chance to invade from the north...? “Lady Ariel could change everything, and yet...” Derrick genuinely believed that the second princess was capable of pushing Asura onto a different path. He still remembered the first time he’d met her very clearly. It was only a few years earlier, at a coming-of-age celebration held by the kingdom. At the time, Derrick had just graduated from the Institute of Magic. While he hadn’t been the top student of his class, he’d placed very highly, and he’d already secured a post with the Asuran Royal Magicians, who he’d be joining a few months later. Derrick knew he was a capable magician, but also an unremarkable one. He had no high expectations for himself. But that day, he encountered a certain charming young girl. Although Ariel was not yet of age herself, she’d been invited to the party as the guest of honor. Despite her youth, she delivered her congratulatory speech in a clear, confident style; in Derrick’s eyes, her wit and intelligence outshone the top student who’d spoken at his graduation from the Institute. Sometime later, after he’d joined the Royal Magicians, his father told him that the position of guardian mage to the second princess was vacant, and offered to recommend him for the post—while warning it’d be a long shot. He had enthusiastically accepted. Ariel was a competent and dynamic person. At the moment she was spending her days drinking tea and her nights jumping on the maids, yes... but by nature, she was diligent, sociable, and willing to work hard to improve herself. If she were to assume the throne and devote herself to strengthening her country, Derrick was positive Asura would take great strides forward in a single generation. It might even be possible for it to conquer the entire 252Goldenagato | mp4directs.com Central Continent. For one thing, she was remarkably charismatic. Both the Institute of Magic and the Royal Magicians were full of what one might call disaffected people. There were many who whispered words of criticism toward the ministers who currently dominated the government, or toward the nobility and the royal family. However, in all the years he’d spent in these places, Derrick had never heard anyone speak badly of Ariel. He had every confidence that she could become a ruler like Gaunis Freean Asura, who’d led humankind through the latter stages of the Laplace War and taken the throne in its aftermath—a ruler beloved by all her people. There were already quite a few people who would gladly give their lives for Ariel’s sake. Derrick himself was one of them; it had been painful and infuriating to hear her dismiss that loyalty so casually. “To be sure, her life’s at little risk if she keeps acting in this fashion... but she’s lowering herself to the level of some corrupt nobleman...” Perhaps she truly didn’t want to shoulder the expectations of her countrymen? Had he been chosen as mage guardian specifically because she thought he wouldn’t push her toward a more difficult path? The princess never said as much, but perhaps she detested him... Derrick heaved another sigh. But just as he was sinking deeper into melancholy, he heard the faint sound of a human voice. “Hm?” Someone was evidently having a conversation out behind the lavatory. “Princess Ariel...” “...kill...” Having picked out a few alarming words, Derrick held his breath and pressed his ear to the rear wall. “Sir Grabel views Lady Ariel as a threat then?” “That’s right. Her popularity with the commonfolk is remarkable after all. He’s quite upset that she’s better-known than he is, even though she 253Goldenagato | mp4directs.com barely ever shows herself in public.” “It is a little strange, come to think of it... Whatever part she’s playing at the moment, she might be laying the groundwork behind the scenes.” “Right. When you can’t win a head-on fight, you’ve got to skulk around in the shadows instead, I suppose.” Derrick furrowed his brow at this. Ariel’s popularity with the citizenry was partly due to her natural charisma, but she also showed herself to them far more often than First Prince Grabel. Her brother dutifully attended internal palace ceremonies, but rarely ventured to events held outside its walls; in contrast, Ariel spent a good deal of time at various external functions. For example, she’d recently attended the dedication ceremony for a new bridge over the Alteir river, becoming one of the first people to cross it. Not long before, she’d been the guest of honor at the Institute’s major magical combat tournament, handing the winner his prizes with a bouquet of flowers, and allowing him the honor of kissing her hand. It was precisely because she invested time in such events, totally unconnected to the power struggles within the royal court, that she’d grown popular with the commonfolk. “If that really is the case though...” “Indeed. The girl will become an obstacle.” “...I suppose it might be best to take precautions against future trouble.” “I feel similarly. And so, out of deep concern for the interests of Prince Grabel and the Kingdom of Asura as a whole, I’ve already made certain... arrangements.” “Hahaha. I really ought to have expected as much from you, I suppose.” Derrick was tempted to burst out of the lavatory and kill the men outside it, but quickly quashed the thought. These two were almost certainly nobles of the first prince’s faction. They were men who’d spend their fortunes freely—and resort to the vilest deeds imaginable—for the sake of shaping events to their liking; when cornered, they would offer every cowardly excuse they could to save their own skins. There were many of their ilk inside the palace. 254Goldenagato | mp4directs.com Derrick could kill them here and now with his magic, but that would be a meaningless act. Everyone would assume that Ariel had ordered her guardian mage to murder two nobles loyal to the first prince. That would be interpreted as an act of open hostility against Grabel himself, and lead to a constant stream of attacks from his followers. For a moment, Derrick wondered if such an outcome might force Ariel to pursue the throne after all...but if the princess had no actual motivation to fight, they would be put on the defensive, driven into a corner, and ultimately butchered like animals. Abandoning the idea of killing the men, Derrick left the lavatory without a word. One way or another, he had to take action against this new threat. One of the nobles said that “arrangements” had already been made. In which case, something would likely happen soon—perhaps even within the next few days. Their objective was likely Ariel herself, but as her most loyal guards, Derrick and Luke were also potential targets. Would it be an assassin? Or perhaps some type of poison? He had to tell Ariel of this immediately...and urge her, once again, to face this battle head-on. With these thoughts running through his mind, Derrick strode rapidly back toward the Lily Garden, clutching his staff under his robe so he could protect himself against any sudden ambushes. “...How long has it been since the last time I fought?” Back at the Institute of Magic, he’d participated in regular mock battles —sometimes against other young magicians, sometimes against students from a knight academy. At times these were larger-scale group matches, pitting off teams of three to five. Several times a year, the students were also escorted into a local forest by their instructors and hired adventurers, in order to gain experience fighting against monsters. It wasn’t as if Derrick had never taken a life before. In one mock battle, he’d accidentally killed his opponent with a spell that happened to strike him in the head. And during the selection process for the role of guardian mage, he’d been required to fight and kill a convict previously sentenced to death— as a test of his willingness to do what was necessary. 255Goldenagato | mp4directs.com However, if someone were sending an assassin to face both himself and Luke, they’d undoubtedly choose an experienced and efficient killer. It’d be a life-or-death struggle. The thought sent a small shudder down Derrick’s arm. “Can I protect her...?” He voiced his anxieties...then shook his head to clear them from his mind. This was something Derrick had no way of knowing, but... The Fittoa Displacement Incident was taking place at this exact instant. *** “Lady Arie— Wha—?!” The moment Derrick stepped back into the Lily Garden, his jaw dropped open in shock. His eyes were fixed on an area toward the back of the garden—a section known as the Hibiscus Forest. An enormous beast that stood on two legs had just trotted out from among the trees. It was a Terminator Boar. By itself, these were D-ranked monsters, but they were often accompanied by loyal packs of Assault Dogs which could raise their threat level to C- or even B-class. Normally, they were only found in the depths of forests, but their numbers were large, and sometimes one would emerge to attack a nearby town—typically seizing livestock or human children to consume. Many years ago, a Terminator Boar accompanied by twenty Assault Dogs had killed every soul living in a small Asuran village. As a result, they were one of the most infamous monsters living within the Kingdom’s borders. In settlements near forests, children were often told that a boar would carry them off and eat them unless they went to bed on time, as others 256Goldenagato | mp4directs.com might be threatened with stories of the Superd. Derrick, like most of his countrymen, was familiar with the name and appearance of these monsters, and their reputation as a fearsome beast. “How...?” Why was there a Terminator Boar here? This was the royal palace, home to the ruling family of the world’s largest nation. It wasn’t a safe place by any means, but it was certainly the last location one would ever expect to find a wild monster. How could one possibly have appeared here? Derrick’s mind flashed to the conversation he’d just overheard. Had that noble somehow arranged this? That couldn’t be right. No mere nobleman could possibly have smuggled such a wild, enormous beast into the heart of the palace. Even the kingdom’s most powerful ministers wouldn’t be capable of such a thing. Although he had no way of knowing this, the Terminator Boar had in fact been teleported to this location only moments ago as a result of the Fittoa Displacement Incident. As Derrick’s mind struggled to process the situation, his gaze found Princess Ariel, and he let out an involuntary gasp. She was still at her table, chattering happily away with Luke about some vulgar topic. The two of them hadn’t noticed the Terminator Boar— even though it was staring right at them, its eyes glittering like a hunter sizing up its prey. Derrick broke into a run. And as he ran, he began chanting a magic incantation. However, the Terminator Boar was also on the move. Perhaps it had noticed Derrick, or sensed a threat; either way, it charged through the garden’s vegetation, heading straight for Princess Ariel. I won’t make it in time! Derrick abandoned his incantation halfway through and shouted, “Run, Lady Ariel!” at the top of his lungs. With an exclamation of surprise, the princess rose to her feet—just in time to notice the huge brown blur rushing at her from the side. She jumped out of its path. 257Goldenagato | mp4directs.com As Ariel hit the ground, the Terminator Boar smashed its way through a number of the garden’s delicate trees, then turned back toward its target. By this point, Derrick had placed himself between Ariel and the monster. The enormous boar loomed before the magician, drool dribbling from its mouth. Its glittering, bestial eyes were fixed on him. What could a magician possibly do in this situation? At this close range, against this large a monster? There wasn’t the slightest chance he could complete an incantation in time. So Derrick didn’t even bother. He simply spread his arms out wide, and shouted with all he had. “Luke! I leave the rest to you!” A split-second later, the Terminator Boar’s fist sent him flying. The punch broke all his ribs and crushed several vital organs. Blood shot from his mouth as he hurtled through the air. When he finally smashed into a wall some five meters away, he felt his spine shatter as well. “Ghaagh!” He was only fortunate in that he didn’t lose consciousness immediately. But perhaps that wasn’t much of a blessing. Oh... I’m dying. Derrick’s mind was oddly clear. He knew he was done for. He could smell his own death in the air. The wounds he’d suffered were fatal ones, without a doubt. I saw someone die from injuries much like these once, didn’t I...? He felt no fear. Perhaps it had all happened so suddenly that his brain hadn’t quite caught up yet. Staring across the garden, Derrick watched Luke draw his sword and charge straight at the Terminator Boar. Don’t be a fool, Luke... You can’t possibly beat that thing single-handedly... Oh, right. The door’s on that side... So you can’t just run away, can you...? Derrick tried looking around by moving just his eyes. What about Lady Ariel? Is she safe? He found her soon enough. She was rushing toward him—her face full of shock and confusion, but not terror. 258Goldenagato | mp4directs.com “Derrick! Oh, this can’t be happening... We’ve got to get a healer here at once!” As the princess cried out in alarm, Derrick mustered what little strength remained to him to speak. “Ungh... Leave me... You have to...run away...” He coughed. “Don’t try to speak, Derrick! Someone, help! Is there no one here?!” “Khh... This is...pointless, Lady Ariel... I’m well past saving...” “No...no! Don’t be ridiculous! You’ve got to hang in there, Derrick!” Derrick looked at the princess, now clearly on the verge of tears, with some surprise. He’d been convinced Ariel and Luke hated having him around, but perhaps that wasn’t entirely true. Despite everything, he felt a small roguish impulse rising inside him. “Well, Princess? I didn’t...a-abandon you...now did I?” Ariel jerked back, seemingly startled by his words. And after a moment, she began gazing at her deeply loyal guardian in a way she’d never looked at him before. “Derrick...” “Lady Ariel, this is...my last request. Please, I beg you...take the throne...and make Asura into...a better country! Gggh!” A broken rib pierced Derrick’s lung, and he coughed up a large amount of blood. Ariel watched in silence for a moment, then nodded and turned around. An enormous boar stood in front of her. Luke, knocked aside some time earlier, was looking over at Ariel from the ground with an expression of pure despair. Ariel glared fiercely at the creature for a moment, then began shouting. “I don’t know where you came from or why, but you stand before the future Queen of Asura! I’m not going to die today. Begone!” Naturally enough, words meant nothing at all to a Terminator Boar. The beast only snuffled softly, its nostrils trembling in anticipation of a tasty meal. It took one step forward, then another. 259Goldenagato | mp4directs.com Watching helplessly from the ground, Derrick said a silent prayer. As a follower of the Millis Church, he turned to the heavens in search of aid. Please, God...please help us. You can take my life, but help Princess Ariel. This world still has need of her... He prayed in vain of course. Derrick knew that better than anyone. Saint Millis had been a truly great man, and the savior of humanity...but you couldn’t expect him to grant you a convenient miracle every time you needed one. That was just the way things were. Even so, Derrick couldn’t help beseeching him. At last, the beast drew within striking distance of Princess Ariel. Its massive fist rose into the air. But then—the prayer was answered. “Aaaaaaaaaaaaah!” With an ear-splitting shriek, an angel tumbled from the heavens. It was a young, white-haired angel—wearing rather shoddy clothes. “Aah! Aaaaaah!” With a charming, half-crazed war cry, she stretched both hands toward the massive boar...and somehow, blew the upper half of its body apart. Thank you, God... Thank you so much. Witnessing this, Derrick shed one final tear. Please...watch over Lady Ariel. And with his heart full of peace, the guardian mage breathed his last... *** The Fittoa Displacement Incident cost one young magician his life— and provided Ariel Anemoi Asura with a new and different purpose. What path did she follow in the aftermath of these events? How did they change Luke Greyrat? And what became of the angel that fell from the heavens? These are tales for another time...